ACM Transactions on Database Systems - Aim and Scope.
Papers from the International Conference on Very Large Data Bases, September 22-24, 1975, Framingham, Massachusetts.
The Entity-Relationship Model - Toward a Unified View of Data.
On the Encipherment of Search Trees and Random Access Files.
The Design of a Rotating Associative Array Memory for a Relational Database Management Application.
Optimal Allocation of Resources in Distributed Information Networks.
A Data Base Management Facility for Automatic Generation of Data Base Managers.
System R: Relational Approach to Database Management.
Restructuring for Large Data Bases: Three Levels of Abstraction.
A Dynamic Database Reorganization Algorithm.
Hashing and Trie Algorithms for Partial Match Retrieval.
The Design and Implementation of INGRES.
Decomposition - A Strategy for Query Processing.
An Authorization Mechanism for a Relational Database System.
Differential Files: Their Application to the Maintenance of Large Databases.
Batched Searching of Sequential and Tree Structured Files.
Synthesizing Third Normal Form Relations from Functional Dependencies.
Algorithms for Parsing Search Queries in Systems with Inverted File Organization.
Performance of a Database Manager in a Virtual Memory System.
Database System Approach to Management Descision Support.
On User Criteria for Data Model Evaluation.
A Model of Statistical Databases and Their Security.
Prefix B-Trees.
A Clustering Algorithm for Hierarchical Structures.
An Attribute Based Model for Database Access Cost Analysis.
Minimum Cost Selection of Secondary Indexes for Formatted Files.
Physical Integrity in a Large Segmented Database.
Database Abstractions: Aggregation and Generalization.
EXPRESS: A Data EXtraction, Processing, amd REStructuring System.
Performance Evaluation of a Relational Associative Processor.
An Extension of the Performance of a Database Manager in a Virtual Memory System Using Partially Locked Virtual Buffers.
Optimal Policy for Batch Operations: Backup, Checkpointing, Reorganization, and Updating.
Interval Hierarchies and Their Application to Predicate Files.
Effects of Locking Granularity in a Database Management System.
Some High Level Language Constructs for Data of Type Relation.
Multivalued Dependencies and a New Normal Form for Relational Databases.
The Determination of Efficient Record Segmentations and Blocking Factors for Shared Data Files.
Analysis of Architectural Features for Enhancing the Performance of a Database Machine.
Independent Components of Relations.
A Transformational Grammar-Based Query Processor for Access Control in a Planning System.
Database Buffer Paging in Virtual Storage Systems.
Validation Algorithms for Pointer Values in DBTG DataBases.
A Facility for Defining and Manipulating Generalized Data Structures.
Search Strategy and Selection Function for an Inferential Relational System.
Optimum Reorganization Points for Linearly Growing Files.
On the Estimation of the Number of Desired Records with Respect to a Given Query.
CASDAL: CASSM'a DAta Language.
Security in Statistical Databases for Queries with Small Counts.
Developing a Natural Language Interface to Complex Data.
A Note on Associative Processors for Data Management.
Data File Management in Shift Register Memories.
System Level Concurrency Control for Distributed Database Systems.
Normalization and Hierarchical Dependencies in the Relational Data Model.
Sequentiality and Prefetching in Database Systems.
Process Synchronization in Database Systems.
Specialized Merge Processor Networks for Combined Sorted Lists.
Implementing a Generalized Access Path Structure for a Relational Database System.
On a Partitioning Problem.
On an Authorization Mechanism.
Generation and Search of Clustered Files.
Concepts and Capabilities of a Database Computer.
An Extended Owner-Coupled Set Data Model and Predicate Calculus for Database Management.
Improving the Human Factors Aspect of Database Interactions.
The Difficulty of Optimum Index Selection.
Implementing a Relational Database by Means of Specialized Hardware.
Computational Problems Related to the Design of Normal Form Relational Schemas.
Data Abstractions for Database Systems.
The Tracker: A Threat to Statistical Database Security.
Secure Databases: Protection Against User Influence.
Limitations of Record-Based Information Models.
Optimization of Query Evaluation Algorithms.
Linear Queries in Statistical Databases.
Optimal Partial-Match Retrieval When Fields Are Independently Specified.
A Majority Consensus Approach to Concurrency Control for Multiple Copy Databases.
Locking Granularity Revisited.
Partial-Match Hash Coding: Benefits of Redundancy.
Experiments on the Determination of the Relationships Between Terms.
Michael E. Senko: 1931-1978.
On Semantic Issues Connected with Incomplete Information Databases.
The Theory of Joins in Relational Databases.
Extendible Hashing - A Fast Access Method for Dynamic Files.
Properties of Storage Hierarchy Systems with Multiple Page Sizes and Redundant Data.
Efficient Monitoring Relational Databases.
Heuristics for Trie Index Minimization.
Errata: Computational Problems Related to the Design of Normal Form Relational Schemas.
Extending the Database Relational Model to Capture More Meaning.
Efficient Optimization of a Class of Relational Expressions.
Testing Implications of Data Dependencies.
Pipelining: A Technique for Implementing Data Restructurers.
Theseus - A Programming Language for Relational Databases.
Design of a Balanced Multiple Valued File Organization Schema with the Least Redundancy.
On Searching Transposed Files.
Comments on "Process Synchronization in Database Systems".
Introduction to a System for Distributed Databases (SDD-1).
Concurrency Control in a System for Distributed Databases (SDD-1).
The Correctness of Concurrency Control Mechanisms in a System for Distributed Databases (SDD-1).
Performance Evaluation of Attribute-Based Tree Organization.
A Fast Procedure for Finding a Tracker in a Statistical Database.
A Locking Protocol for Resource Coordination in Distributed Databases.
Parallelism and Recovery in Database Systems.
Schema Analysis for Database Restructuring.
A Language Facility for Designing Database-Intensive Applications.
Construction of Relations in Relational Databases.
Retrospection on a Database System.
On the Membership Problem for Functional and Multivalued Dependencies in Relational Databases.
Calculating Constraints on Relational Expressions.
Secure Statistical Databases with Random Sample Queries.
A Security Mechanism for Statistical Databases.
Quintary Trees: A File Structure for Multidimensional Database Systems.
Concurrent Manipulation of Binary Search Trees.
Corrigenda: Linear Queries in Statistical Databases.
TODS - The First Three Years (1976-1978).
Decomposition and Functional Dependencies in Relations.
Reliability Mechanisms for SDD-1: A System for Distributed Databases.
Disclosure from Statistical Databases: Quantitative Aspects of Trackers.
Spatial Management of Data.
On the Design of Relational Database Schemata.
Hierarchical Schemata for Relational Databases.
Support for Repetitive Transactions and Ad Hoc Queries in System R.
Security of Statistical Databases: Multidimensional Transformation.
Statistical Database Design.
The Functional Data Model and the Data Language DAPLEX.
Time- and Space-Optimality in B-Trees.
New File Organizations Based on Dynamic Hashing.
On Optimistic Methods for Concurrency Control.
Processor Allocation Strategies for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Transformation of Data Traversals and Operations in Application Programs to Account for Semantic Changes of Databases.
Design of an External Schema Facility to Define and Process Recursive Structures.
A Database Encryption System with Subkeys.
An Improved Third Normal Form for Relational Databases.
Comments on SDD-1 Concurrency Control Mechanisms.
Database Description with SDM: A Semantic Database Model.
A Normal Form for Relational Databases That Is Based on Domians and Keys.
Associative Hardware and Software Techniques for Integrity Control.
Frame Memory: A Storage Architecture to Support Rapid Design and Implementation of Efficient Databases.
High-Level Programming Features for Improving the Efficiency of a Relational Database System.
Dense Multiway Trees.
Analysis of a Heuristic for Trie Minimization.
Consequences of Assuming a Universal Relation.
Update Semantics of Relational Views.
An Object-Oriented Approach to Database System Implementation.
Query Processing in a System for Distributed Databases (SDD-1).
Human Factors Comparison of a Procedural and a Nonprocedural Query Language.
Efficient Locking for Concurrent Operations on B-Trees.
Analysis of Index-Sequential Files with Overflow Chaining.
Decompiling CODASYL DML into Relational Queries.
A Formal Approach to the Definition and the Design of Conceptual Schemata for Database Systems.
Optimal File Designs and Reorganization Points.
Disk Allocation for Cartesian Product Files on Multiple-Disk Systems.
On Database Systems Development Through Logic.
A Relation-Based Language Interpreter for Content Addressable File Store.
An Implementation Technique for Database Query Languages.
Distributed Deadlock Detection Algorithm.
Read-Only Transactions in a Distributed Database.
An Architecture for Automatic Relational Database System Conversion.
View Indexing in Relational Databases.
On Interpretations of Relational Languages and Solutions to the Implied Constraint Problem.
On "Human Factors Comparison of a Procedural and a Nonprocedural Query Language".
Reply.
Transactions and Consistency in Distributed Database Systems.
A Simplified Universal Relation Assumption and Its Properties.
Determining View Dependencies Using Tableaux.
On the Correct Translation of Update Operations on Relational Views.
Three Principles of Representation for Semantic Networks.
On Optimizing an SQL-like Nested Query.
A Statistical Approach to Incomplete Information in Database Systems.
A New Normal Form for the Design of Relational Database Schemata.
A Clustered Search Algorithm Incorporating Arbitrary Term Dependencies.
A Unifying Model of Physical Databases.
A Practical Guide to the Design of Differential Files for Recovery of On-Line Databases.
Performance Analysis of Linear Hashing with Partial Expansions.
Joined Normal Form: A Storage Encoding for Relational Databases.
Mathematical Models of Database Degradation.
Deadlock Freedom Using Edge Locks.
Tree Queries: A Simple Class of Relational Queries.
Query Optimization in Star Computer Networks.
Maximal Objects and the Semantics of Universal Relation Databases.
Operational Characteristics of a Hardware-Based Pattern Matcher.
Answering Queries Without Revealing Secrets.
Compromising Statistical Databases Responding to Queries about Means.
Functions in Databases.
Resolving Conflicts in Global Storage Design through Replication.
Bounded Index Exponential Hashing.
Performance Enhancements to a Relational Database System.
Using Semantic Knowledge for Transaction Processing in Distributed Database.
Formal Semantics for Time in Databases.
Duplicate Record Elimination in Large Data Files.
A Characterization of Globally Consistent Databases and Their Correct Access Paths.
Corrigendum: The Theory of Joins in Relational Databases.
Performance of Recovery Architectures in Parallel Associative Database Processors.
Parallel Algorithms for the Execution of Relational Database Operations.
Achieving Robustness in Distributed Database Systems.
MULTISAFE - A Modular Multiprocessing Approach to Secure Database Management.
Hierarchical File Organization and Its Application to Similar-String Matching.
Indexing and Retrieval Strategies for Natural Language Fact Retrieval.
Multiversion Concurrency Control - Theory and Algorithms.
Multilevel Atomicity - A New Correctness Criterion for Database Concurrency Control.
Shadowed Management of Free Disk Pages with a Linked List.
EAS-E: An Integrated Approach to Application Development.
On the Complexity of Designing Optimal Partial-Match Retrieval Systems.
Partial-Match Retrieval Using Hashing and Descriptors.
Correctness of Query Execution Strategies in Distributed Databases.
A Foundation of Codd's Relational Maybe-Operations.
On Kent's "Consequences of Assuming a Universal Relation".
The Universal Relation Revisited.
Designing a Portable Natural Language Database Query System.
Practical Data-Swapping: The First Steps.
The Grid File: An Adaptable, Symmetric Multikey File Structure.
A Database Management System for the Federal Courts.
On Concurrency Control by Multiple Versions.
Response Time Analysis of Multiprocessor Computers for Database Support.
Join and Semijoin Algorithms for a Multiprocessor Database Machine.
Implications of Certain Assumptions in Database Performance Evaluation.
Logical, Internal, and Physical Reference Behavior in CODASYL Database Systems.
A Parallel Pipelined Relational Query Processor.
Algorithms for Trie Compaction.
Database States and Their Tableaux.
On the Foundations of the Universal Relation Model.
An Extension of Conflict-Free Multivalued Dependency Sets.
System/U: A Database System Based on the Universal Relation Assumption.
Resolving the Query Inference Problem Using Steiner Trees.
Recursive Linear Hashing.
The Average Time Until Bucket Overflow.
On the Selection of Efficient Record Segmentations and Backup Strategies for Large Shared Databases.
Concurrency Control In a Dynamic Search Structure.
Optimism and Consistency In Partitioned Distributed Database Systems.
On the Optimal Nesting Order for Computing N-Relational Joins.
A Database Cache for High Performance and Fast Restart in Database Systems.
Performance Analysis of Recovery Techniques.
Principles of Database Buffer Management.
An Algorithm for Concurrency Control and Recovery in Replicated Distributed Databases.
Analysis of New Variants of Coalesced Hashing.
Organization of Clustered Files for Consecutive Retrieval.
The Statistical Security of a Statistical Database.
Vertical Partitioning Algorithms for Database Design.
Limitations of Concurrency in Transaction Processing.
Database Partitioning in a Cluster of Processors.
Use of Graph-Theoretic Models for Optimal Relational Database Accesses to Perform Join.
Linear Hashing with Overflow-Handling by Linear Probing.
Analysis of Dynamic Hashing with Deferred Splitting.
Expressions for Batched Searching of Sequential and Hierarchical Files.
Database Hosting in Strongly-Typed Programming Languages.
Addendum to "Analysis of Some New Variants of Coalesced Hashing".
An Efficient I/O Interface for Optical Disks.
Estimating the Cost of Updates in a Relational Database.
Adaptive Record Clustering.
Cautious Transaction Schedulers with Admission Control.
Galileo: A Strongly-Typed, Interactive Conceptual Language.
Height-Balanced Trees of Order (beta,gamma,delta).
Comments on Batched Searching of Sequential and Tree-Structured Files.
Implementation of Logical Query Languages for Databases.
Modeling Concepts for VLSI CAD Objects.
Semantics of Query Languages for Network Databases.
A Data Distortion by Probability Distribution.
Locking Performance in Centralized Databases.
Modeling the Storage Architectures of Commercial Database Systems.
Integrated Concurrency Control and Recovery Mechanisms: Design and Performance Evaluation.
Language Features for Flexible Handling of Exceptions in Information Systems.
Performance Analysis of Several Back-End Database Architectures.
Applications of Byzantine Agreement in Database Systems.
Optimization of Join Operations in Horizontally Partitioned Database Systems.
On the Complexity of Join Dependencies.
Fragmentation: A Technique for Efficient Query Processing.
An Integrated Approach to Logical Design of Relational Database Schemes.
Incomplete Information Costs and Database Design.
Computation-Tuple Sequences and Object Histories.
Order-Preserving Key Transformations.
Join Processing in Database Systems with Large Main Memories.
Set Query Optimization in Distributed Database Systems.
A State Transition Model for Distributed Query Processing.
A Problem-Oriented Inferential Database System.
The Design of a Relational Database System with Abstract Data Types for Domains.
Report on the International Workshop on High-Performance Transaction Systems.
Transaction Management in the R* Distributed Database Management System.
Consistency of Transactions and Random Batch.
The Escrow Transactional Method.
Partitioned Two-Phase Locking.
ELFS: English Language From SQL.
Buffer Management in Relational Database Systems.
A Temporally Oriented Data Model.
The Partition Model: A Deductive Database Model.
Associative Searching in Multiple Storage Units.
Partial Expansions for File Organizations with an Index.
Database Performance Evaluation in an Indexed File Environment.
A New Normal Form for Nested Relations.
Analysis of Retrieval Performance for Records and Objects Using Optical Disk Technology.
Dynamic Quorum Adjustment for Partitioned Data.
Concurrency in Linear Hashing.
Join Indices.
The Temporal Query Language TQuel.
On Modeling of Information Retrieval Concepts in Vector Space.
On First-Order-Logic Databases.
Extending a Database System with Procedures.
Reduced MVDs and Minimal Covers.
Optimal Signature Extraction and Information Loss.
Serializability with Constraints.
The Overhead of Locking (and Commit) Protocols in Distributed Databases.
A Cost-Benefit Decision Model: Analysis, Comparison, and Selection of Data Management Systems.
Comments on Bancilhon and Spyratos' "Update Semantics and Relational Views".
IFO: A Formal Semantic Database Model.
Extending Relational Algebra and Relational Calculus with Set-Valued Attributes and Aggregate Functions.
The Use of Regression Methodology for the Compromise of Confidential Information in Statistical Databases.
Concurrency Control Performance Modeling: Alternatives and Implications.
Multikey Access Methods Based on Superimposed Coding Techniques.
A Dynamic Framework for Object Projection Views.
Multiple-Query Optimization.
Concurrent Search Structure Algorithms.
Physical Database Design for Relational Databases.
Fuzzy Functional Dependencies and Lossless Join Decomposition of Fuzzy Relational Database Systems.
A Model-Based Approach to Updating Databases with Incomplete Information.
Database Concurrency Control Using Data Flow Graphs.
Implementation Concepts for an Extensible Data Model and Data Language.
Data Allocation in Distributed Database Systems.
A Methodology for Creating User Views in Database Design.
New Methods and Fast Algorithms for Database Normalization.
Linear Hashing with Separators - A Dynamic Hashing Scheme Achieving One-Access Retrieval.
Extended Algebra and Calculus for Nested Relational Databases.
A Homogeneous Relational Model and Query Languages for Temporal Databases.
Update and Retrieval in a Relational Database Through a Universal Schema Interface.
Properties and Update Semantics of Consistent Views.
A Simple Bounded Disorder File Organization with Good Performance.
On the Translation of Relational Queries into Iterative Programs.
On Estimating the Cardinality of the Projection of a Database Relation.
Variable-Depth Trie Index Optimization: Theory and Experimental Results.
Data Replicas in Distributed Information Services.
Further Results on the Security of Partitioned Dynamic Statistical Databases.
AGM: A Dataflow Database Machine.
A Framework for Effective Retrieval.
NFQL: The Natural Forms Query Language.
Efficient Optimization of Simple Chase Join Expressions.
File Organization Using Composite Perfect Hashing.
Maintaining Availability in Partitioned Replicated Databases.
Cactis: A Self-Adaptive, Concurrent Implementation of an Object-Oriented Database Management System.
Automatic Verification of Database Transaction Safety.
Updating Derived Relations: Detecting Irrelevant and Autonomously Computable Updates.
Index Scans Using a Finite LRU Buffer: A Validated I/O Model.
Performance of a Two-Headed Disk System when Serving Database Queries Under the Scan Policy.
Imprecise Schema: A Rationale for Relations with Embedded Subrelations.
Integrity = Validity + Completeness.
Using Semantic Knowledge of Transactions to Increase Concurrency.
Query Processing Techniques in the Summary-Table-by-Example Database Query Language.
On the Effects of Join Operations on Relation Sizes.
A Unified Analysis of Batched Searching of Sequential and Tree-Structured Files.
Indefinite and Maybe Information in Relational Databases.
View Updates in Relational Databases with an Independent Scheme.
Query Optimization in a Memory-Resident Domain Relational Calculus Database System.
Apologizing Versus Asking Permission: Optimistic Concurrency Control for Abstract Data Types.
Explaining Ambiguity in a Formal Query Language.
Logic-Based Approach to Semantic Query Optimization.
A Linear-Time Probabilistic Counting Algorithm for Database Applications.
Dynamic Voting Algorithms for Maintaining the Consistency of a Replicated Database.
The Five Color Concurrency Control Protocol: Non-Two-Phase Locking in General Databases.
A Decision-Theoretic Approach to Information Retrieval.
Scaling Up Output Capacity and Performance Results from Information Systems Prototypes.
Data Caching Issues in an Information Retrieval System.
On Compile-Time Query Optimization in Deductive Databases by Means of Static Filtering.
Direct Transitive Closure Algorithms: Design and Performance Evaluation.
Necessary and Sufficient Conditions to Linearize Double Recursive Programs in Logic Databases.
Concepts and Effectiveness of the Cover-Coefficient-Based Clustering Methodology for Text Databases.
Translation with Optimization from Relational Calculus to Relational Algebra Having Aggregate Functions.
A Compression Technique to Materialize Transitive Closure.
A Parallel Algorithm for Record Clustering.
The hB-Tree: A Multiattribute Indexing Method with Good Guaranteed Performance.
A Rule-Based Language with Functions and Sets.
Functional Dependencies in Horn Clause Queries.
The Complexity of Operations on a Fragmented Relation.
A Model of Authorization for Next-Generation Database Systems.
Principles and Realization Strategies of Multilevel Transaction Management.
The Multicast Policy and Its Relationship to Replicated Data Placement.
A Software Tool for Modular Database Design.
Safety and Translation of Relational Calculus Queries.
Optimizing Equijoin Queries In Distributed Databases Where Relations Are Hash Partitioned.
A Dynamic Hash Method with Signature.
Management of a Remote Backup Copy for Disaster Recovery.
Towards a Semantic View of an Extended Entity-Relationship Model.
Using Annotations to Support Multiple Kinds of Versioning in an Object-Oriented Database System.
Simplification Rules and Complete Axiomatization for Relational Update Transactions.
On Robust Transaction Routing and Load Sharing.
Formal Semantics of SQL Queries.
An Incremental Access Method for ViewCache: Concept, Algorithms, and Cost Analysis.
A Note on Estimating the Cardinality of the Projection of a Database Relation.
Constant-Time-Maintainable BCNF Database Schemes.
Statistical Estimators for Aggregate Relational Algebra Queries.
Distributive Join: A New Algorithm for Joining Relations.
Reactive Consistency Control In Deductive Databases.
Conflict Detection Tradeoffs for Replicated Data.
Object Operations Benchmark.
Reasoning about Functional Dependencies Generalized for Semantic Data Models.
Converting Nested Algebra Expressions into Flat Algebra Expressions.
ARIES: A Transaction Recovery Method Supporting Fine-Granularity Locking and Partial Rollbacks Using Write-Ahead Logging.
Semantics-Based Concurrency Control: Beyond Commutativity.
Constant-Time Maintainability: A Generalization of Independence.
Rule-Based Optimization and Query Processing in an Extensible Geometric Database System.
Concurrency Control for High Contention Environments.
Optimal Weight Assignment for Signature Generation.
On Roth, Korth, and Silberschatz's Extended Algebra and Calculus for Nested Relational Databases.
On Taxonomic Reasoning in Conceptual Design.
Representing Extended Entity-Relationship Structures in Relational Databases: A Modular Approach.
Simple Conditions for Guaranteeing Higher Normal Forms in Relational Databases.
Performance Evaluation of Cautious Waiting.
Scheduling Real-Time Transactions: A Performance Evaluation.
 (
A Method for Automatic Rule Derivation to Support Semantic Query Optimization.
Intelligent Database Caching Through the Use of Page-Answers and Page-Traces.
Automatic Deduction of Temporal Information.
The Generalized Tree Quorum Protocol: An Efficient Approach for Managing Replicated Data.
Updating Relational Databases Through Weak Instance Interfaces.
The Model, Language, and Implementation of an Object-Oriented Multimedia Knowledge Base Management System.
The Performance of Current B-Tree Algorithms.
Cost and Availability Tradeoffs in Replicated Data Concurrency Control.
Optimal Disk Allocation for Partial Match Queries.
Performance Analysis of File Organizations that Use Multibucket Data Leaves with Partial Expansions.
Finite Representation of Infinite Query Answers.
Processing Time-Constrained Aggregate Queries in CASE-DB.
Stochastic Query Optimization in Distributed Databases.
Open Commit Protocols Tolerating Commission Failures.
Empirical Performance Evaluation of Concurrency and Coherency Control Protocols for Database Sharing Systems.
The Logical Data Model.
Semantics for Null Extended Nested Relations.
Consistency and Orderability: Semantics-Based Correctness Criteria for Databases.
Solving Queries by Tree Projections.
Transitive Closure Algorithms Based on Graph Traversal.
Two-Phase Locking Performance and Its Thrashing Behavior.
The Deductive Synthesis of Database Transactions.
A Universal-Scheme Approach to Statistical Databases Containing Homogeneous Summary Tables.
Optimal Histograms for Limiting Worst-Case Error Propagation in the Size of Join Results.
 (
A Taxonomy for Secure Object-Oriented Databases.
A Modified Random Perturbation Method for Database Security.
On Completeness of Historical Relational Query Languages.
Altruistic Locking.
Tools and Transformations - Rigorous and Otherwise - for Practical Database Design.
Automated Resolution of Semantic Heterogeneity in Multidatabases.
Using Semantic Values to Falilitate Interoperability Among Heterogeneous Information Systems.
Amalgamating Knowledge Bases.
Index Structures for Selective Dissemination of Information Under the Boolean Model.
Automatic Generation of Production Rules for Integrity Maintenance.
Evaluation of Remote Backup Algorithms for Transaction-Processing Systems.
Synthesis of Extended Transaction Models Using ACTA.
Formal Aspects of Concurrency Control in Long-Duration Transaction Systems Using the NT/PV Model.
Quorum Consensus in Nested Transaction Systems.
Bounded Ignorance: A Technique for Increasing Concurrency in a Replicated System.
Formal Query Languages for Secure Relational Databases.
Static Analysis Techniques for Predicting the Behavior of Active Database Rules.
Declarative Updates of Relational Databases.
The INCINERATE Data Model.
Incremental Computation of Nested Relational Query Expressions.
Efficient Checking of Temporal Integrity Constraints Using Bounded History Encoding.
Fast Algorithms for Universal Quantification in Large Databases.
Query Evaluation in Deductive Databases with Alternating Fixpoint Semantics.
Containment of Conjunctive Queries: Beyond Relations as Sets.
Transaction Chopping: Algorithms and Performance Studies.
Addendum to "Automatic Generation of Production Rules for Integrity Maintenance".
An Execution Model for Limited Ambiguity Rules and Its Application to Derived Data Update.
A Structured Approach for the Definition of the Semantics of Active Databases.
Space Optimization in Deductive Databases.
Modularization Techniques for Active Rules Design.
Polymorphism and Type Inference in Database Programming.
A Normal Form for Precisely Characterizing Redundancy in Nested Relations.
Magic Conditions.
The Building Blocks for Specifying Communication Behavior of Complex Objects: An Activity-Driven Approach.
Tail Recursion Elimination in Deductive Databases.
Implementing Deductive Databases by Mixed Integer Programming.
Solving Satisfiability and Implication Problems in Database Systems.
Declustering of Key-Based Partitioned Signature Files.
A Probabilistic Relational Model and Algebra.
Heraclitus: Elevating Deltas to be First-Class Citizens in a Database Programming Language.
Model and Verification of a Data Manager Based on ARIES.
LH* - A Scalable, Distributed Data Structure.
Semantics for Update Rule Programs and Implementations in a Relational Database Management System.
Extended Ehemeral Logging: Log Storage Management for Applications with Long Lived Transactions.
Outerjoin Simplification and Reordering for Query Optimization.
An Axiomatic Model of Dynamic Schema Evolution in Objectbase Systems.
Logical Design for Temporal Databases with Multiple Granularities.
On the Semantics of "Now" in Databases.
Applying Formal Methods to Semantic-Based Decomposition of Transactions.
An Adaptive Data Replication Algorithm.
Transactional Client-Server Cache Consistency: Alternatives and Performance.
Disjunctive Datalog.
ProbView: A Flexible Probabilistic Database System.
Database Design with Common Sense Business Reasoning and Learning.
Object Normal Forms and Dependency Constraints for Object-Oriented Schemata.
Adaptive, Fine-Grained Sharing in a Client-Server OODBMS: A Callback-Based Approach.
Supporting Valid-Time Indeterminacy.
Safe Query Languages for Constraint Databases.
Safe Stratified Datalog with Integer Order Does Not Have Syntax.
Optimization Techniques for Queries with Expensive Methods.
Multiview Access Protocols for Large-Scale Replication.
Ensuring Consistency in Multidatabases by Preserving Two-Level Serializability.
An Access Control Model Supporting Periodicity Constraints and Temporal Reasoning.
Conceptual Schema Analysis: Techniques and Applications.
An Efficient Method for Checking Object-Oriented Database Schema Correctness.
Information Gathering in the World-Wide Web: The W3QL Query Language and the W3QS System.
Towards a Theory of Cost Management for Digital Libraries and Electronic Commerce.
Inverted Files Versus Signature Files for Text Indexing.
Broadcast Protocols to Support Efficient Retrieval from Databases by Mobile Users.
Database Design for Incomplete Relations.
Temporal FDs on Complex Objects.
Optimization of Queries with User-Defined Predicates.
GlOSS: Text-Source Discovery over the Internet.
Distance Browsing in Spatial Databases.
Type-Checking OQL Queries In the ODMG Type Systems.
Indexing Large Metric Spaces for Similarity Search Queries.
Specification and Implementation of Exceptions in Workflow Management Systems.
Improving Database Design Through the Analysis of Relationships.
Security of Random Data Perturbation Methods.
An Ontological Analysis of the Relationship Construct in Conceptual Modeling.
The SIFT Information Dissemination System.
A foundation for representing and querying moving objects.
Iterative dynamic programming: a new class of query optimization algorithms.
A model for compound type changes encountered in schema evolution.
A cost model for query processing in high dimensional data spaces.
Tracing the lineage of view data in a warehousing environment.
Emancipating instances from the tyranny of classes in information modeling.
An algebraic approach to static analysis of active database rules.
A new approach to developing and implementing eager database replication protocols.
Theory of dependence values.
Temporal statement modifiers.
Optimizing object queries using an effective calculus.
Cache investment: integrating query optimization and distributed data placement.
Applying an update method to a set of receivers.
Probabilistic temporal databases, I: algebra.
I/O reference behavior of production database workloads and the TPC benchmarks - an analysis at the logical level.
Querying ATSQL databases with temporal logic.
Data Mining with optimized two-dimensional association rules.
Flexible support for multiple access control policies.
Editorial.
Probabilistic object bases.
Answering queries with useful bindings.
An extension of the relational data model to incorporate ordered domains.
Editorial.
A case for dynamic view management.
Multiway spatial joins.
SchemaSQL: An extension to SQL for multidatabase interoperability.
Distributed query evaluation on semistructured data.
Atomicity and isolation for transactional processes.
A logical foundation for deductive object-oriented databases.
Top-k selection queries over relational databases: Mapping strategies and performance evaluation.
Locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for indexing large time series databases.
Searching for dependencies at multiple abstraction levels.
Fast incremental maintenance of approximate histograms.
Cost models for overlapping and multiversion structures.
Understanding the global semantics of referential actions using logic rules.
Searching in metric spaces with user-defined and approximate distances.
SilkRoute: A framework for publishing relational data in XML.
Description logics for semantic query optimization in object-oriented database systems.
A simple algorithm for finding frequent elements in streams and bags.
Adaptive algorithms for set containment joins.
Spatial queries in dynamic environments.
Discovering all most specific sentences.
On the computation of relational view complements.
Removing permissions in the flexible authorization framework.
Iterative spatial join.
Are quorums an alternative for data replication?
Analysis of predictive spatio-temporal queries.
Efficient dynamic mining of constrained frequent sets.
Effective page refresh policies for Web crawlers.
Preference formulas in relational queries.
Path sharing and predicate evaluation for high-performance XML filtering.
Index-driven similarity search in metric spaces.
Foreword.
Archiving scientific data.
Probabilistic wavelet synopses.
Accelerating XPath evaluation in any RDBMS.
Selection conditions in main memory.
Characterizing memory requirements for queries over continuous data streams.
A normal form for XML documents.
A declarative approach to optimize bulk loading into databases.
Expressing and optimizing sequence queries in database systems.
 queries over web-accessible databases.
A compressed accessibility map for XML.
Proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world wide web: An approach and implementation.
Strong functional dependencies and their application to normal forms in XML.
Managing uncertainty in moving objects databases.
Extracting predicates from mining models for efficient query evaluation.
-constraints to reduce memory overhead in continuous queries over data streams.
Querying web metadata: Native score management and text support in databases.
Essential classification rule sets.
Multiversion-based view maintenance over distributed data sources.
Incremental validation of XML documents.
Processing XML streams with deterministic automata and stream indexes.
Decoupling partitioning and grouping: Overcoming shortcomings of spatial indexing with bucketing.
Exchanging intensional XML data.
Progressive skyline computation in database systems.
Advanced SQL modeling in RDBMS.
TinyDB: an acquisitional query processing system for sensor networks.
Data exchange: getting to the core.
Concise descriptions of subsets of structured sets.
What's hot and what's not: tracking most frequent items dynamically.
XML stream processing using tree-edit distance embeddings.
Tight upper bounds on the number of candidate patterns.
-tree based indexing method for nearest neighbor search.
xample): A visual interface to the standard XML query language.
Efficient algorithms for processing XPath queries.
Making snapshot isolation serializable.
Aggregate nearest neighbor queries in spatial databases.
XSQ: A streaming XPath engine.
Relational languages for metadata integration.
Generalized multidimensional data mapping and query processing.
Incremental maintenance of shortest distance and transitive closure in first-order logic and SQL.
Database repairing using updates.
 - a highly-available scalable distributed data structure.
Self-tuning cost modeling of user-defined functions in an object-relational DBMS.
Capturing summarizability with integrity constraints in OLAP.
Foreword.
Wavelet synopses for general error metrics.
Conditional XPath.
Graph indexing based on discriminative frequent structure analysis.
Composing schema mappings: Second-order dependencies to the rescue.
Optimization of query streams using semantic prefetching.
Synopses for query optimization: A space-complexity perspective.
Optimizing bitmap indices with efficient compression.
Topological relationships between complex spatial objects.
B-tree concurrency control and recovery in page-server database systems.
Consensus on transaction commit.
Integrating XML data sources using approximate joins.
Representing and querying XML with incomplete information.
Indexing the past, present, and anticipated future positions of moving objects.
Sequencing XML data and query twigs for fast pattern matching.
Automatic complex schema matching across Web query interfaces: A correlation mining approach.
Approximation and streaming algorithms for histogram construction problems.
Dynamic indexing for multidimensional non-ordered discrete data spaces using a data-partitioning approach.
-nn and spatial join queries on continuously moving points.
Query optimization in distributed networks of autonomous database systems.
Summarizing level-two topological relations in large spatial datasets.
Adaptive pull-based policies for wide area data delivery.
Rewriting queries with arbitrary aggregation functions using views.
Domain-independent data cleaning via analysis of entity-relationship graph.
Introduction to special ICDT section.
Expressiveness and complexity of XML Schema.
Theory of nearest neighbors indexability.
PATAXÓ: A framework to allow updates through XML views.
Improving instruction cache performance in OLTP.
Triggers over nested views of relational data.
Strategies for query unnesting in XML databases.
XSKETCH synopses for XML data graphs.
The role of domain ontologies in database design: An ontology management and conceptual modeling environment.
 elements in data streams.
Probabilistic information retrieval approach for ranking of database query results.
Expressive power of an algebra for data mining.
On the complexity of nonrecursive XQuery and functional query languages on complex values.
Adaptive rank-aware query optimization in relational databases.
Maintaining stream statistics over multiscale sliding windows.
Towards multidimensional subspace skyline analysis.
The Sort-Merge-Shrink join.
Foreword to special section on SIGMOD/PODS 2005.
Feature-based similarity search in graph structures.
Peer data exchange.
A divide-and-merge methodology for clustering.
Editorial: Single- versus double-blind reviewing.
Efficient estimation of joint queries from multiple OLAP databases.
Forward node-selecting queries over trees.
Composition of mappings given by embedded dependencies.
Optimizing top-k queries for middleware access: A unified cost-based approach.
Mining constraint violations.
Spatial join techniques.
Query-sensitive embeddings.
Optimized stratified sampling for approximate query processing.
Extended wavelets for multiple measures.
Pseudo-random number generation for sketch-based estimations.
Estimating the selectivity of approximate string queries.
Out-of-core coherent closed quasi-clique mining from large dense graph databases.
Modeling and managing changes in text databases.
Range search on multidimensional uncertain data.
Multi-resolution bitmap indexes for scientific data.
Improving hash join performance through prefetching.
SQL query optimization through nested relational algebra.
 aggregation of ranked inputs.
Introduction to ACM SIGMOD 2006 conference papers.
Towards a query optimizer for text-centric tasks.
Exporting and interactively querying Web service-accessed sources: The CLIDE System.
A geometric approach to monitoring threshold functions over distributed data streams.
Introduction to the PODS 2006 special section.
Inverting schema mappings.
An adaptive packed-memory array.
Introduction to the EDBT 2006 special section.
Physical design refinement: The 'merge-reduce' approach.
Unified framework for fast exact and approximate search in dissimilarity spaces.
NaLIX: A generic natural language search environment for XML data.
Authority-based keyword search in databases.
On static and dynamic methods for condensation-based privacy-preserving data mining.
Fault-tolerance in the borealis distributed stream processing system.
Information preserving XML schema embedding.
Algorithms and metrics for processing multiple heterogeneous continuous queries.
Conditional functional dependencies for capturing data inconsistencies.
Metric space similarity joins.
Cache-oblivious databases: Limitations and opportunities.
Approximate continuous querying over distributed streams.
Repair localization for query answering from inconsistent databases.
Quasi-inverses of schema mappings.
On computing temporal aggregates with range predicates.
 and ranking-aggregate queries.
Correlated pattern mining in quantitative databases.
Sketches for size of join estimation.
Confidence bounds for sampling-based group by estimates.
Workload-aware anonymization techniques for large-scale datasets.
Hierarchical synopses with optimal error guarantees.
Efficient online index construction for text databases.
Foreword to TODS SIGMOD/PODS/ICDT 2007 special issue.
Introduction to ACM SIGMOD 2007 special section.
Compiling mappings to bridge applications and databases.
Scalable approximate query processing with the DBO engine.
Introduction to the PODS 2007 special section.
Expressiveness and complexity of XML publishing transducers.
Estimating statistical aggregates on probabilistic data streams.
Introduction to ICDT 2007 special section.
On the expressiveness of implicit provenance in query and update languages.
Commutativity analysis for XML updates.
Forensic analysis of database tampering.
Efficient sort-based skyline evaluation.
The design of a query monitoring system.
Efficient query processing on graph databases.
TuG synopses for approximate query answering.
Semantics and implementation of continuous sliding window queries over data streams.
A quality-aware optimizer for information extraction.
Robust approximate aggregation in sensor data management systems.
Detecting outlying properties of exceptional objects.
Anonymization-based attacks in privacy-preserving data publishing.
A framework for efficient data anonymization under privacy and accuracy constraints.
Efficient reasoning about a robust XML key fragment.
Snapshot isolation and integrity constraints in replicated databases.
ODE: Ontology-assisted data extraction.
Input-sensitive scalable continuous join query processing.
Processing spatial skyline queries in both vector spaces and spatial network databases.
Small synopses for group-by query verification on outsourced data streams.
Semantics and complexity of SPARQL.
Keyword search over relational tables and streams.
Incorporating constraints in probabilistic XML.
Foreword to TODS SIGMOD/PODS 2008 special issue.
Serializable isolation for snapshot databases.
Relational query coprocessing on graphics processors.
The recovery of a schema mapping: Bringing exchanged data back.
Static analysis of active XML systems.
Casper*: Query processing for location services without compromising privacy.
From XQuery to relational logics.
Supporting views in data stream management systems.
Analyses of multi-level and multi-component compressed bitmap indexes.
Reverse skyline search in uncertain databases.
-gram distance between ordered labeled trees.
An information-theoretic analysis of worst-case redundancy in database design.
Optimal algorithms for evaluating rank joins in database systems.
Automatic virtual machine configuration for database workloads.
Transparent anonymization: Thwarting adversaries who know the algorithm.
Optimal matching between spatial datasets under capacity constraints.
Return specification inference and result clustering for keyword search on XML.
Inference of concise regular expressions and DTDs.
Encryption policies for regulating access to outsourced data.
Personalizing queries based on networks of composite preferences.
Querying and repairing inconsistent numerical databases.
Comments on "an integrated efficient solution for computing frequent and top-k elements in data streams".
A survey of B-tree locking techniques.
Continuous online index tuning in moving object databases.
Privacy-aware location data publishing.
Improving XML search by generating and utilizing informative result snippets.
Efficient and accurate nearest neighbor and closest pair search in high-dimensional space.
Views and queries: Determinacy and rewriting.
Towards a logical reconstruction of a theory for locally closed databases.
Foreword to TODS invited papers issue.
An architecture for recycling intermediates in a column-store.
I/O efficient algorithms for serial and parallel suffix tree construction.
Space-optimal heavy hitters with strong error bounds.
Relative information completeness.
Towards a theory of search queries.
Incremental XPath evaluation.
Output privacy in data mining.
Instant anonymization.
Query-preserving watermarking of relational databases and Xml documents.
Using structural information in XML keyword search effectively.
Querying XML data sources that export very large sets of views.
Generating sound workflow views for correct provenance analysis.
Path-tree: An efficient reachability indexing scheme for large directed graphs.
Relational languages and data models for continuous queries on sequences and data streams.
Continuous nearest-neighbor search in the presence of obstacles.
Design and analysis of a ranking approach to private location-based services.
Reverse data exchange: Coping with nulls.
Asymptotically efficient algorithms for skyline probabilities of uncertain data.
A relational approach to functional decomposition of logic circuits.
Closed world data exchange.
Efficient similarity joins for near-duplicate detection.
Differential dependencies: Reasoning and discovery.
Embedding-based subsequence matching in time-series databases.
The monte carlo database system: Stochastic analysis close to the data.
A survey on representation, composition and application of preferences in database systems.
Foreword to TODS invited papers issue 2011.
Finding maximal cliques in massive networks.
Designing fast architecture-sensitive tree search on modern multicore/many-core processors.
Characterizing schema mappings via data examples.
Bag equivalence of tree patterns.
Capturing continuous data and answering aggregate queries in probabilistic XML.
Collaborative personalized top-k processing.
The data cyclotron query processing scheme.
A survey of B-tree logging and recovery techniques.
Proximity measures for rank join.
Attribute and object selection queries on objects with probabilistic attributes.
Differentiating search results on structured data.
Shared execution strategy for neighbor-based pattern mining requests over streaming windows.
Understanding cardinality estimation using entropy maximization.
Exploiting Web querying for Web people search.
Cardinal directions between complex regions.
Certain conjunctive query answering in first-order logic.
Comparing workflow specification languages: A matter of views.
Secure distributed computation of anonymized views of shared databases.
Exact and approximate algorithms for the most connected vertex problem.
The implication problem of data dependencies over SQL table definitions: Axiomatic, algorithmic and logical characterizations.
Stochastic skylines.
Online subspace skyline query processing using the compressed skycube.
Foreword.
Foster b-trees.
Revisiting answering tree pattern queries using views.
Efficient reasoning about data trees via integer linear programming.
Reordering rows for better compression: Beyond the lexicographic order.
Entangled queries: Enabling declarative data-driven coordination.
Artifact systems with data dependencies and arithmetic.
Foreword.
Maximizing Conjunctive Views in Deletion Propagation.
Determining the Currency of Data.
Worst-Case I/O-Efficient Skyline Algorithms.
SCALLA: A Platform for Scalable One-Pass Analytics Using MapReduce.
WHAM: A High-Throughput Sequence Alignment Method.
Finding Alternative Shortest Paths in Spatial Networks.
On Provenance Minimization.
Expressive Languages for Path Queries over Graph-Structured Data.
Partial Evaluation for Distributed XPath Query Processing and Beyond.
High-level change detection in RDF(S) KBs.
Schema matching and embedded value mapping for databases with opaque column names and mixed continuous and discrete-valued data fields.
Observing SQL queries in their natural habitat.
Optimizing XML querying using type-based document projection.
ElasTraS: An elastic, scalable, and self-managing transactional database for the cloud.
A graph-theoretic approach to map conceptual designs to XML schemas.
Moving spatial keyword queries: Formulation, methods, and analysis.
Analysis and optimization for boolean expression indexing.
A partition-based method for string similarity joins with edit-distance constraints.
Top-k diversity queries over bounded regions.
RFID-data compression for supporting aggregate queries.
Generalizing database forensics.
Revisiting "forward node-selecting queries over trees".
Algebraic incremental maintenance of XML views.
Almost-linear inclusion for XML regular expression types.
Asymmetric signature schemes for efficient exact edit similarity query processing.
Flexible and extensible preference evaluation in database systems.
Incremental graph pattern matching.
Collaborative data sharing via update exchange and provenance.
Foreword to invited papers issue.
High-performance complex event processing over hierarchical data.
Consistent thinning of large geographical data for map visualization.
 - An FPGA-based XML filter for hybrid XQuery processing.
The complexity of regular expressions and property paths in SPARQL.
Static analysis and optimization of semantic web queries.
Mergeable summaries.
Validating XML documents in the streaming model with external memory.
Learning schema mappings.
Classification of annotation semirings over containment of conjunctive queries.
Indexing for summary queries: Theory and practice.
Pufferfish: A framework for mathematical privacy definitions.
Strong simulation: Capturing topology in graph pattern matching.
Oblivious bounds on the probability of boolean functions.
Mining order-preserving submatrices from probabilistic matrices.
Extending string similarity join to tolerant fuzzy token matching.
Deletion without rebalancing in multiway search trees.
Efficient range searching for categorical and plain data.
Optimality of Clustering Properties of Space-Filling Curves.
Fast Distributed Transactions and Strongly Consistent Replication for OLTP Database Systems.
Sharing across Multiple MapReduce Jobs.
-Nearest Neighbor Search.
Domination in the Probabilistic World: Computing Skylines for Arbitrary Correlations and Ranking Semantics.
On the Complexity of Query Result Diversification.
Distributed Geometric Query Monitoring Using Prediction Models.
Robust Distributed Query Processing for Streaming Data.
Editorial.
Towards a Painless Index for Spatial Objects.
Finding Robust Itemsets under Subsampling.
Maximizing Range Sum in External Memory.
Private Analysis of Graph Structure.
Privacy-Preserving Ad-Hoc Equi-Join on Outsourced Data.
A Join-Like Operator to Combine Data Cubes and Answer Queries from Multiple Data Cubes.
Query Rewriting and Optimization for Ontological Databases.
Foreword to Invited Articles Issue.
I/O-Efficient Algorithms on Triangle Listing and Counting.
Discovering XSD Keys from XML Data.
A Scalable Lock Manager for Multicores.
Lightweight Query Authentication on Streams.
Naïve Evaluation of Queries over Incomplete Databases.
The Complexity of Mining Maximal Frequent Subgraphs.
Ontology-Based Data Access: A Study through Disjunctive Datalog, CSP, and MMSNP.
A Theory of Pricing Private Data.
Top-k and Clustering with Noisy Comparisons.
Editorial: Updates to the Editorial Board.
Time- and Space-Efficient Sliding Window Top-k Query Processing.
Size Bounds for Factorised Representations of Query Results.
Efficient Computation of the Tree Edit Distance.
Multiple Radii DisC Diversity: Result Diversification Based on Dissimilarity and Coverage.
Analysis of Schemas with Access Restrictions.
Online Updates on Data Warehouses via Judicious Use of Solid-State Storage.
Editorial: The Best of Two Worlds - Present Your TODS Paper at SIGMOD.
Closing the Gap: Sequence Mining at Scale.
Deciding Determinism with Fairness for Simple Transducer Networks.
Efficient Processing of Skyline-Join Queries over Multiple Data Sources.
Optimizing Batch Linear Queries under Exact and Approximate Differential Privacy.
Cost-Effective Conceptual Design for Information Extraction.
Efficient Processing of Spatial Group Keyword Queries.
Technical Correspondence: "Differential Dependencies: Reasoning and Discovery" Revisited.
Boosting the Quality of Approximate String Matching by Synonyms.
Workload-Driven Antijoin Cardinality Estimation.
Optimal Location Queries in Road Networks.
Reducing Layered Database Applications to their Essence through Vertical Integration.
SCANRAW: A Database Meta-Operator for Parallel In-Situ Processing and Loading.
Uncertain Graph Processing through Representative Instances.
Weaker Forms of Monotonicity for Declarative Networking: A More Fine-Grained Answer to the CALM-Conjecture.
Generating Plans from Proofs.
Processing Top-k Dominating Queries in Metric Spaces.
Learning Join Queries from User Examples.
Negative Factor: Improving Regular-Expression Matching in Strings.
Faster Random Walks by Rewiring Online Social Networks On-the-Fly.
Editorial: Updates to the Editorial Board.
SQL's Three-Valued Logic and Certain Answers.
Materialization Optimizations for Feature Selection Workloads.
ENFrame: A Framework for Processing Probabilistic Data.
Dichotomies for Queries with Negation in Probabilistic Databases.
BEVA: An Efficient Query Processing Algorithm for Error-Tolerant Autocompletion.
Declarative Cleaning of Inconsistencies in Information Extraction.
Inferring Social Strength from Spatiotemporal Data.
Editorial: The Dark Citations of TODS Papers and What to Do about It - or: Cite the Journal Paper.
Sloth: Being Lazy Is a Virtue (When Issuing Database Queries).
Synchronization of Queries and Views Upon Schema Evolutions: A Survey.
Capturing Missing Tuples and Missing Values.
Plan Bouquets: A Fragrant Approach to Robust Query Processing.
Random Walk with Restart on Large Graphs Using Block Elimination.
The Exact Complexity of the First-Order Logic Definability Problem.
The Complexity of Learning Tree Patterns from Example Graphs.
Scalable Atomic Visibility with RAMP Transactions.
Private and Scalable Execution of SQL Aggregates on a Secure Decentralized Architecture.
A Declarative Framework for Linking Entities.
Bounded Repairability for Regular Tree Languages.
B-Trees and Cache-Oblivious B-Trees with Different-Sized Atomic Keys.
Monadic Datalog and Regular Tree Pattern Queries.
Building a Hybrid Warehouse: Efficient Joins between Data Stored in HDFS and Enterprise Warehouse.
Joins via Geometric Resolutions: Worst Case and Beyond.
The Goal Behind the Action: Toward Goal-Aware Systems and Applications.
Exploiting Integrity Constraints for Cleaning Trajectories of RFID-Monitored Objects.
Skycube Materialization Using the Topmost Skyline or Functional Dependencies.
Extending the Kernel of a Relational DBMS with Comprehensive Support for Sequenced Temporal Queries.
Guarded-Based Disjunctive Tuple-Generating Dependencies.
 
Exact Model Counting of Query Expressions: Limitations of Propositional Methods.
Smart Meter Data Analytics: Systems, Algorithms, and Benchmarking.
DBMS Metrology: Measuring Query Time.
Computational Fact Checking through Query Perturbations.
Exact and Approximate Maximum Inner Product Search with LEMP.
UniAD: A Unified Ad Hoc Data Processing System.
Response to "Differential Dependencies Revisited".
Fast and Accurate Time-Series Clustering.
Consistent Query Answering for Self-Join-Free Conjunctive Queries Under Primary Key Constraints.
Outlier Detection over Massive-Scale Trajectory Streams.
COMPRESS: A Comprehensive Framework of Trajectory Compression in Road Networks.
Approximation Algorithms for Schema-Mapping Discovery from Data Examples.
An Indexing Framework for Queries on Probabilistic Graphs.
On the Hardness and Approximation of Euclidean DBSCAN.
BonXai: Combining the Simplicity of DTD with the Expressiveness of XML Schema.
Efficient SimRank-Based Similarity Join.
Query Nesting, Assignment, and Aggregation in SPARQL 1.1.
Detecting Inclusion Dependencies on Very Many Tables.
DBSCAN Revisited, Revisited: Why and How You Should (Still) Use DBSCAN.
EmptyHeaded: A Relational Engine for Graph Processing.
Designing a Query Language for RDF: Marrying Open and Closed Worlds.
Declarative Probabilistic Programming with Datalog.
Blazes: Coordination Analysis and Placement for Distributed Programs.
Linear Time Membership in a Class of Regular Expressions with Counting, Interleaving, and Unordered Concatenation.
PrivBayes: Private Data Release via Bayesian Networks.
Editorial: Updates to the Editorial Board.
Practical Private Range Search in Depth.
Estimating the Impact of Unknown Unknowns on Aggregate Query Results.
Building Efficient Query Engines in a High-Level Language.
TriAL: A Navigational Algebra for RDF Triplestores.
Bounded Query Rewriting Using Views.
Answering FO+MOD Queries under Updates on Bounded Degree Databases.
Efficient Evaluation and Static Analysis for Well-Designed Pattern Trees with Projection.
Lightweight Monitoring of Distributed Streams.
K-Regret Queries Using Multiplicative Utility Functions.
A Relational Framework for Classifier Engineering.
Dynamic Complexity under Definable Changes.
Expressive Languages for Querying the Semantic Web.
Distributed Joins and Data Placement for Minimal Network Traffic.
MacroBase: Prioritizing Attention in Fast Data.
Optimal Bloom Filters and Adaptive Merging for LSM-Trees.
Learning From Query-Answers: A Scalable Approach to Belief Updating and Parameter Learning.
Parallelizing Sequential Graph Computations.
Scalable Analytics on Fast Data.
Wander Join and XDB: Online Aggregation via Random Walks.
Historic Moments Discovery in Sequence Data.
Representations and Optimizations for Embedded Parallel Dataflow Languages.
Dependencies for Graphs.
Output-Optimal Massively Parallel Algorithms for Similarity Joins.
Inferring Insertion Times and Optimizing Error Penalties in Time-decaying Bloom Filters.
A Survey of Spatial Crowdsourcing.
From a Comprehensive Experimental Survey to a Cost-based Selection Strategy for Lightweight Integer Compression Algorithms.
Interactive Mapping Specification with Exemplar Tuples.
A Unified Framework for Frequent Sequence Mining with Subsequence Constraints.
Verification of Hierarchical Artifact Systems.
ChronicleDB: A High-Performance Event Store.
General Temporally Biased Sampling Schemes for Online Model Management.
On the Expressive Power of Query Languages for Matrices.
Dichotomies for Evaluating Simple Regular Path Queries.
Design and Evaluation of an RDMA-aware Data Shuffling Operator for Parallel Database Systems.
Efficient Algorithms for Approximate Single-Source Personalized PageRank Queries.
Editorial: Updates to the Editorial Board.
A Game-theoretic Approach to Data Interaction.
ϵKTELO: A Framework for Defining Differentially Private Computations.
Efficient Enumeration Algorithms for Regular Document Spanners.
Computing Optimal Repairs for Functional Dependencies.
Succinct Range Filters.
Adaptive Asynchronous Parallelization of Graph Algorithms.
Learning Models over Relational Data Using Sparse Tensors and Functional Dependencies.
On the Language of Nested Tuple Generating Dependencies.
Catching Numeric Inconsistencies in Graphs.
