The Association for Computing Machinery.
The IBM 701 Speedcoding System.
Life Insurance Premium Billing and Combined Operations by Electronic Equipment.
The IBM Magnetic Drum Calculator Type 650.
Equipment Reliability as Applied to Analogue Computers.
Survey of Analog Multiplication Schemes.
Automatic Strain-Gage and Thermocouple Recording on Punched Cards.
System Specifications for the DYSEAC.
Problems in Acceptance Testing of Digital Computers.
The Generation of Pseudo-Random Numbers on a Decimal Calculator.
A Method of Solving Boundary Value Problems of Mathematical Physics on Punch Card Machines.
A Method of Determining Plate Bending by Use of a Punched-Card Machine.
Numerical Treatment of a Fourth Order Parabolic Partial Differential Equation.
On Single vs. Triple Address Computing Machines.
Running a Computer Efficiently.
An Electronic Differential Analyzer as a Difference Analyzer.
The IBM Type 702, An Electronic Data Processing Machine for Business.
Calculation of Generalized Hypergeometric Series.
Public Utility Customer Accounting on the Type 650 Magnetic Drum Data Processing Machine.
On the Demonstration of High-Speed Digital Computers.
A Multiple Purpose Orthonormalizing Code and its Uses.
Some Programming Techniques for the ERMETH.
Propagation of Truncation Errors in the Numerical Solution of Ordinary Differential Equations by Repeated Closures.
A General Card-Program for the Evaluation of the Inverse Laplace Transform.
Analogue Study of Electron Trajectories.
Implicit vs. Explicit Recurrence Formulas for the Linear Diffusion Equation.
Mechanisms and Robots.
Analog Interpolator for Automatic Control.
Testing of Operational Amplifiers.
Maintenance and Acceptance Tests Used on the MIDAC.
Reduction of Runs in Multiparameter Computations.
Some Experiments in Ideal Factorization on the MIDAC.
ORDVAC Solutions of the Dirichlet Problem.
On the Vibration of a Square Clamped Plate.
Memory Matrix Using Ferroelectric Condensers as Bistable Elements.
Digital Computers for Real-Time Simulation.
A Simple Desk-Calculator Method for Checking Binary Results of Digital-Computer Arithmetic Operations.
Correction: "Testing of Operational Amplifiers".
Precision Modulators and Demodulators.
Transcode, A System of Automatic Coding for FERUT.
Automatic Coding for the IBM 701.
On the Computation of Exponential and Hyperbolic Functions Using Continued Fractions.
Correlation Computation on Analog Devices.
Presidential Address to the ACM.
An Optimizing Program for the IBM 650.
A Subroutine for Computations with Rational Numbers.
Automatic Computations with Power Series.
Simulation of Digital Filters on an Electronic Analog Computer.
A Kutta Third-Order Procedure for Solving Differential Equations Requiring Minimum Storage.
Report on Experiments in Approximating the Solution of a Differential Equation.
Rates of Convergence in Numerical Solution of the Diffusion Equation.
Erratum: "Some Experiments in Ideal Factorization on the MIDAC".
EASIAC, A Pseudo-Computer.
Conditional Monte Carlo.
A Note on Microprogramming.
Bibliography on Numerical Analysis.
Wind Tunnel Data Reduction Using Paper-Tape Storage Media.
The High-Speed Electronic Calculating Machine of the Academy of Sciences of the U.S.S.R..
Sorting on Electronic Computer Systems.
Sorting by Address Calculation.
A General System for Handling Alphameric Information on the IBM 701 Computer.
An Integrated Computation System for the ERA-1103.
Transfer Function Simulation by Means of Amplifiers and Potentiometers.
On the Generation of Errors in the Digital Evaluation of Continued Fractions.
Some Inverse Characteristic Value Problems.
A Note on the Midpoint Method of Integration.
An Extension of Milne's Three-Point Method.
An Iterative Procedure for the Calculation of the Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors of a Real Symmetric Matrix.
A Description of a Cooperative Venture in the Production of an Automatic Coding System.
The PACT I Coding System for the IBM Type 701.
Logical Organization of the PACT I Compiler.
Producing Computer Instructions for the PACT I Compiler.
PACT Loop Expansion.
Semi-Automatic Allocation of Data Storage for PACT I.
Conclusions After Using the PACT I Advanced Coding Technique.
On the Convergence of Matrix Iterations.
Higher Order Differences in the Analogue Solution of Partial Differential Equations.
Prevention of Propagation of Machine Errors in Long Problems.
The Digital Approximation of Contours.
Arithmetical Analysis of Digital Computing Nets.
Retiring Presidential Address.
Inaugural Presidential Address.
Pact IA.
A System for General-Purpose Analog-Digital Computation.
A Stable Implicit Finite Difference Approximation to a Fourth Order Parabolic Equation.
Rational Approximations to the Exponential Function.
Chebyshev Approximation of a Continuous Function by a Class of Functions.
Effect of Propagated Error on Inverse of Hilbert Matrix.
Sorting Cards with Respect to a Modulus.
The Design and Use of Hazard-Free Switching Networks.
A Variant to Turing's Theory of Computing Machines.
Test of an Inventory Control System on FERUT.
Information Searching with the 701 Calculator.
Hydrodynamic Problems Involving Large Fluid Distortions.
Designing Computer Circuits with a Computer.
The Down-Hill Method of Solving f(z)=0.
An Automatic Programming Routine for the Elliott 401.
Micro-Programming.
Machine Features for a More Automatic Monitoring System on Digital Computers.
Experiments in Chess.
On the Recognition of Information With a Digital Computer.
Burroughs Truth Function Evaluator.
The Logic of Automata - Part I.
Account Identification for Automatic Data Processing.
Standardized Programming Methods and Universal Coding.
Two Programming Techniques for One-Plus-One Address Computers.
The Logic of Automata - Part II.
The Characteristic Value-Vector Problem.
The Method of Reduced Matrices for a General Transportation Problem.
On Bateman's Method for Solving Linear Integral Equations.
A Method for Increasing the Efficiency of Monte Carlo Integration.
On the "Best" and "Least Qth" Approximation of an Overdetermined System of Linear Equations.
Psychological Tests and Selection of Computer Programmers.
Simulation Techniques for the Test and Evaluation of Real-Time Computer Programs.
Computations in the Field of Engineering Chemistry.
Symbolic Designations for Electrical Connections.
Formal Procedures for Connecting Terminals with a Minimum Total Wire Length.
SWAC Computations for Some m×n Scheduling Problems.
Programmed Multiplication on the IBM 407.
Errors Due to Overflow in Arithmetic Operations Particularly as Regards FINAC Electronic Computer.
Condensation and Look-Up Procedures for Double Entry Tables.
Maximizing Functions of Rotations - Experiments Concerning Speed of Diagonalization of Symmetric Matrices Using Jacobi's Method.
Optimum Recurrence Formulas for a Fourth Order Parabolic Partial Differential Equation.
 Distribution Function.
Codes for the Classical Membrane Problem.
Tshebysheff Approximations for Power Series.
On the Computation of the Number of Solutions of Certain Trinomial Congruences.
The Universal Electronic Digital Machine (URAL) for Engineering Research.
Conference on Matrix Computations (Abstracts).
Remarks on "The Digital Approximation of Contours".
Erratum: "A Method for Increasing the Efficiency of Monte Carlo Integration".
Language Translation.
SWAC Experiments on the Use of Orthogonal Polynomials for Data Fitting.
A Chebycheff Fitting Criterion.
On the Truncation Error of Discrete Approximations to the Solutions of Dirichlet Problems in a Domain with Corners.
Error Bounds for the Runge-Kutta Single-Step Integration Process.
On the Numerical Solution of Characteristic Equations in Flutter Analysis.
A "Curve Plotting" Routine for the Inverse Laplace Transform of Rational Functions.
Automatic Preparation of Flow Chart Listings.
Simplification of a Class of Boolean Functions.
A High-Scanning-Rate Storage Device for Computer Applications.
AYDAR, Special Purpose Analog Machine for Raw Data Reduction.
Conference on Matrix Computations (Abstracts).
Evaluation of Integrals Involving Combinations of Bessel Functions and Circular Functions.
On Some Error Bounds of Givens.
A High-Speed Computer Technique for the Transportation Problem.
Finding Zeros of Arbitrary Functions.
A Numerical Method of Solving a Heat Flow Problem with Moving Boundary.
Sequential Functions.
Realization of Events by Logical Nets.
The Approximate Solution of Matrix Problems.
A Property of Semi-Definite Hermitian Matrices.
On Modern Matrix Iteration Processes of Bernoulli and Graeffe Type.
A Note on Numerical Solution of Certain Linear Boundary Value Problems.
On a Periodic Property of Pseudo-Random Sequences.
On the Length of the Smallest Uniform Experiment which Distinguishes the Terminal States of a Machine.
Methods of Simulating a Differential Analyzer on a Digital Computer.
Calculating Open Loop Transfer Functions from Closed Loop Measurements.
Computer Programming for Young Students.
A Dual Master File System for a Tape Processing Computer.
Coding and Code Compression.
On the Inversion Complexity of a System of Functions.
Generated Error in Rotational Tridiagonalization.
Unitary Triangularization of a Nonsymmetric Matrix.
The Application of Sequential Estimation to Computer Simulation and Monte Carlo Procedures.
On Sequences of Pseudo-Random Numbers of Maximal Length.
Proposed Methods for the Analog Solution of Fredholm's Integral Equation.
On the Solution of Poisson's Difference Equation.
A Method for Transposing a Matrix.
Analysis of Shift Register Counters.
Generalization: Key to Successful Electronic Data Processing.
Three Levels of Linguistic Analysis in Machine Translation.
Test Routines Based on Symbolic Logical Statements.
Stable Predictor-Corrector Methods for Ordinary Differential Equations.
Round-Off Error in the Numerical Solution of the Heat Equation.
The Jacobi Method for Real Symmetric Matrices.
Solution of Algebraic and Transcendental Equations on an Automatic Digital Computer.
Origin and Development of the Chinese Abacus.
Remarks On "Tshebysheff Approximations for Power Series".
ACM Publication Policies and Plans.
The Share 709 System: A Cooperative Effort.
The Share 709 System: Programming and Modification.
The Share 709 System: Machine Implementation of Symbolic Programming.
The Share 709 System: Input-Output Translation.
The Share 709 System: Programmed Input-Output Buffering.
The Share 709 System: Supervisory Control.
Radix Exchange - An Internal Sorting Method for Digital Computers.
A New Method of Checking the Consistency of Precedence Matrices.
Memory Efficiency.
A Procedure for the Diagonalization of Normal Matrices.
Stability of a Numerical Solution of Differential Equations.
 +Ky6u6 y=0.
Numerical Quadrature in Many Dimensions.
A Note on the Downhill Method.
Boundary Contraction Solution of Laplace's Differential Equation.
A Method of Normalized Block Iteration.
A Functional Canonical Form.
On the Reduction of Superfluous States in a Sequential Machine.
On Exponential Digital Filters.
Letter to the Editor on "A Method for Transposing a Matrix".
PILOT - A New Multiple Computer System.
Stability of the Reduction of a Matrix to Almost Triangular and Triangular Forms by Elementary Similarity Transformations.
Note on the Practical Computation of Proper Values.
A Stability Criterion for Numerical Integration.
Generation of Spherical Bessel Functions in Digital Computers.
A Comparison of Methods for Generating Normal Deviates on Digital Computers.
A Family of Quadrature Formulas Which Achieve High Accuracy in Composite Rules.
An Algorithm for the Determination of the Polynomial of Best Minimax Approximation to a Function Defined on a Finite Point Set.
Logic Matrices and the Truth Function Problem.
Unnormalized Floating Point Arithmetic.
On Computer Transcription of Manual Morse.
Amphisbaenic Sorting.
A General Analysis of Variance Scheme Applicable to a Computer With a Very Large Memory.
A Comparison of Machine Organizations by Their Performance of the Iterative Solution of Linear Equations.
On an Application of Dynamic Programming to the Synthesis of Logical Systems.
On the Spectral Norms of Several Iterative Processes.
th Best Path Problem.
New Formulas for Computing Incomplete Elliptic Integrals of the First and Second Kind.
Empirical Tests of an Additive Random Number Generator.
Multifunctional Circuits in Functional Canonical Form.
Input-Output Buffering and Fortran.
Changing from Analog to Digital Programming by Digital Techniques.
Sequential Machines, Ambiguity, and Dynamic Programming.
On the Increase of Convergence Rates of Relaxation Procedures for Elliptic Partial Difference Equations.
Boundary Contraction Solution of Laplace's Differential Equation II.
Stability of a Numerical Solution of Differential Equations - Part II.
A Generalization of a Theorem of Carr on Error Bounds for Rung-Kutta Procedures.
A Numerical Method for Solving Control Differential Equations on Digital Computers.
Truncation Error in the Graeffe Root-Squaring Method.
Serial Correlation in the Generation of Pseudo-Random Numbers.
A New Pseudo-Random Number Generator.
Footnote to a Recent Paper.
A Fortran-Compiled List-Processing Language.
A Mechanical Proof Procedure and its Realization in an Electronic Computer.
Floating-Point Arithmetics.
A New Method for the Payment of Bills and the Transfer of Credit.
Methods for Fitting Rational Approximations, Part I: Telescoping Procedures for Continued Fractions.
A Necessary and Sufficient Condition for Stability of Partial Difference Equation Problems.
A Starting Method for the Three-Point Adams Predictor-Corrector Method.
A Modification of Filon's Method of Numerical Integration.
Remarks on the Unitary Triangularization of a Nonsymmetric Matrix.
Letter to the Editor.
Corrigendum to "A Comparison of Machine Organizations by Their Performance of the Iterative Solution of Linear Equations".
A Computing Procedure for Quantification Theory.
On Relevance, Probabilistic Indexing and Information Retrieval.
Computation of the Frequency Function of a Quadratic Form in Random Normal Variables.
Analysis of Nets by Numerical Methods.
On the Consistency of Precedence Matrices.
On Sturm Sequences for Tridiagonal Matrices.
On an Alternating Direction Method for Solving the Plate Problem with Mixed Boundary Conditions.
Solution of Linear Systems by Richardson's Method.
Synthesis of Binary Ring Counters of Given Periods.
Computational Aids for Determining the Minimal Form of a Truth Function.
Connective Properties Preserved in Minimal State Machines.
Integer Programming Formulation of Traveling Salesman Problems.
Techniques for Enumerating Veblen-Wedderburn Systems.
On Pre-Conditioning of Matrices.
Resultant Procedure and the Mechanization of the Graeffe Process.
A Note on a Method of Computing the Gamma Function.
Computer Time for Address Calculation Sorting.
Finite Automata, Pattern Recognition and Perceptrons.
Recursive Computation of Certain Integrals.
Analysis of Internal Computer Sorting.
Sets of Tapes Accepted by Different Types of Automata.
The Use of Index Calculus and Mersenne Primes for the Design of a High-Speed Digital Multiplier.
A System for Generating "Pronounceable" Names Using a Computer.
Computer Generation of Optimized Subroutines.
An Answer to Mr. J. A. Lively's Remarks on the Paper "Amphisbaenic Sorting".
More on "Amphisbaenic Sorting".
Minimizing Drum Latency Time.
A Machine Method for Solving Polynomial Equations.
Notes on a New Pseudo-Random Number Generator.
System Handling of Functional Operators.
Two-Dimensional Parity Checking.
Computer-Feasible Method for Handling Incomplete Data in Regression Analysis.
"Direct Search" Solution of Numerical and Statistical Problems.
An Investigation of Real-Time Solution of the Transportation Problem.
The Prospects for the Utilization of Informational-Logical Machines in Chemistry (USSR).
Generalized Simulation of Post Office Systems.
The Design and Simulation of an Information Processing System.
The Association Factor in Information Retrieval.
Error Analysis of Direct Methods of Matrix Inversion.
A Modified Givens Method for the Eigenvalue Evaluation of Large Matrices.
Numerical Solution of the Neumann and Mixed Boundary Value Problems by Boundary Contraction.
Some Computational Results on "Two-Line" Iterative Methods for the Biharmonic Difference Equation.
Zeros of Nonlinear Functions.
Numerical Construction of Taylor Series Approximations for a Set of Simultaneous First Order Differential Equations.
Categorizing Automata by W-Machine Programs.
Compatibility of States in Input-Independent Machines.
Automatic Indexing: An Experimental Inquiry.
Locating the Largest Word in a File Using a Modified Memory.
Sequencing Aspects of Multiprogramming.
Design of Numerical Filters with Applications to Missile Data Processing.
Turing Machines, Finite Automata and Neural Nets.
5-Symbol 8-State and 5-Symbol 6-State Universal Turing Machines.
A Generalized Tree Circuit.
Some Methods for Simplifying Switching Circuits Using "Don't Care" Conditions.
An Automatic Sequencing Procedure with Application to Parallel Programming.
A Study of Methods for Systematically Abbreviating English Words and Names.
Semantic Road Maps for Literature Searchers.
A Descriptive Language for Symbol Manipulation.
Design of Sequential Machines from Their Regular Expressions.
Least Upper Bounds on Minimal Terminal State Experiments for Two Classes of Sequential Machines.
Representation of Power Series in Terms of Polynomials, Rational Approximations and Continued Fractions.
On Least Squares Solutions of Linear Equations.
An Evaluation of Runge-Kutta Type Methods for Higher Order Differential Equations.
Asymptotic Behavior of the Best Polynomial Approximation.
Letter to the Editor: Optimized Subroutines.
Letter to the Editor: Internal Sorting and External Merging.
A General Translation Program for Phrase Structure Languages.
A Theorem on Boolean Matrices.
Some Combinatorial Properties of Certain Trees With Applications to Searching and Sorting.
Algebra of Polynomials in Several Variables for a Digital Computer.
Organization of a "Fixed-Plus-Variable" Structure Computer for Computation of Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors of Real Symmetric Matrices.
Dynamic Programming Treatment of the Travelling Salesman Problem.
Fifth-Order Methods for the Numerical Solution of Ordinary Differential Equations.
Inversion of Triple-Diagonal Compound Matrices.
A Technique for the Numerical Solution of Certain Integral Equations of the First Kind.
Optimal Mesh Size in the Numerical Integration of an Ordinary Differential Equation.
Stability of a Generalized Corrector Formula.
On Quasicyclic Jacobi Methods.
Mathematical Structure of Nonarithmetic Data Processing Procedures.
Structure and Use of ALGOL 60.
An Algorithm for Translating Boolean Expressions.
Digital Pattern Recognition by Moments.
Operations Useful for Similarity-Invariant Pattern Recognition.
Maintained Activity in Neural Nets.
A Note on the Self-Consistency of Definitions of Generalization and Inductive Inference.
A Sorting Problem.
Outline for a Logical Theory of Adaptive Systems.
A Decision Procedure for Computations of Finite Automata.
Multiple Reduction of Variable Dependency of Sequential Machines.
The Structure of an Automaton and Its Operation-Preserving Transformation Group.
Two Families of Languages Related to ALGOL.
Oscillating Sort - A New Sort Merging Technique.
Single Function Shifting Counters.
A Method for Obtaining Specific Values of Compiling-Parameter Functions.
Management Techniques for Real Time Computer Programming.
Cumulative Binomial Probabilities.
Matrices Associated With the Hitchcock Problem.
On Approximation Methods for the Assignment Problem.
An Algorithm for the Numerical Application of a Linear Operator.
Alternating Direction Methods for Parabolic Systems in m Space Variables.
Stability Properties of Predictor-Corrector Methods for Ordinary Differential Equations.
Isomorphism Groups of Automata.
On The Ambiguity Problem of Backus Systems.
A Translator-Oriented Symbolic Programming Language.
Algorithms for Parallel-Search Memories.
Information Retrieval Based upon Latent Class Analysis.
Correction and Addendum: "Organization of a 'Fixed-Plus-Variable' Structure Computer for Computation of Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors of Real Symmetric Matrices".
A Semi-Decision Procedure for the Functional Calculus.
The Number of Classes of Invertible Boolean Functions.
Some Recursively Unsolvable Problems in ALGOL-Like Languages.
On a Computer Program for Obtaining Irreducible Representations for Two-Level Multiple Input-Output Logical Systems.
Further Results on the Structure of Sequential Machines.
A Method for Obtaining Suboptimal Group-Testing Policies Using Dynamic Programming and Information Theory.
On the Numerical Solution of Fredholm Integral Equations of the First Kind by the Inversion of the Linear System Produced by Quadrature.
On the Danilewski Method.
On a Weight Distribution Problem, with Application to the Design of Stochastic Generators.
On the Coding of Jacobi's Method for Computing Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors of Real Symmetric Matrices.
Formulas for Computing Incomplete Elliptic Integrals of the First and Second Kinds.
Mixed Congruential Random Number Generators for Decimal Machines.
A Simple Sorting Algorithm.
Automatic Document Classification.
Theorem-Proving on the Computer.
Operations Which Preserve Definability in Languages.
Detection of Generative Ambiguities in Context-Free Mechanical Languages.
A State Variable Assignment Method for Asynchronous Sequential Switching Circuits.
Computability of Recursive Functions.
Erratum: "On a Computer Program for Obtaining Irreducible Representations for Two-Level Multiple Input-Output Logical Systems".
Methods for Fitting Rational Approximations, Parts II and III.
On Economization of Rational Functions.
An Algorithm for Minimax Polynomial Curve-Fitting of Discrete Data.
Efficiency of Predictor-Corrector Procedures.
Monte Carlo Computations in Normal Correlation Problems.
Addressing for Random-Access Storage with Multiple Bucket Capacities.
Syntactic Analysis and Operator Precedence.
A Computational Approach to Grammatical Coding of English Words.
A Computer Program for a Solvable Case of the Decision Problem.
Program for Double-Dummy Bridge Problems--A New Strategy for Mechanical Game Playing.
Lattice Properties of Sequential Machines.
Use of Decomposition Theory in the Solution of the State Assignment Problem of Sequential Machines.
Erratum: "Formulas for Computing Incomplete Elliptic Integrals of the First and Second Kind".
A Dictionary for Minimum Redundancy Encoding.
Associative Document Retrieval Techniques Using Bibliographic Information.
Feature Word Construction for Use with Pattern Recognition Algorithms: An Experimental Study.
Tape Searching Techniques.
Quotients of Context-Free Languages.
Experiments with a Heuristic Compiler.
A Heuristic Program that Solves Symbolic Integration Problems in Freshman Calculus.
On the Structures of an Automaton and Its Input Semigroup.
Words in the History of a Turing Machine with a Fixed Input.
Finite Automata and the Set of Squares.
An Elimination Method for Computing the Generalized Inverse of an Arbitrary Complex Matrix.
On the Reduction of Number Range in the Use of the Graeffe Process.
A Method for Finding All the Zeros of f(x).
Numerical Solution of Systems of Nonlinear Equations.
The Wilf Stability Criterion for Numerical Integration.
Generalized Tree Circuit - The Basic Building Block of an Extended Decomposition Theory.
On Ianov's Program Schemata.
Tape Sets and Automata.
Universality of Tag Systems with P=2.
SNOBOL, A String Manipulation Language.
Mixed Congruential Random Number Generators for Binary Machines.
Calculations with Pseudo-Random Numbers.
Two New Classes of Algorithms for Finding the Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors of Real Symmetric Matrices.
A Direct Method for Chebyshev Approximation by Rational Functions.
Tables of the Generalized Stirling Numbers of the First Kind.
A Mathematical Method for the Automatic Scaling of a Function.
Application of Ternary Algebra to the Study of Static Hazards.
Estimation of Power Spectral Density by Filters.
Message Route Control in a Large Teletype Network.
Fact Retrieval and Deductive Question-Answering Information Retrieval Systems.
Automatic Document Classification Part II. Additional Experiments.
Input Data Source Limitations for Real-Time Operation of Digital Computers.
Single-Scan Techniques for the Translation of Arithmetic Expressions into ALGOL 60.
Function Evaluation in Unnormalized Arithmetic.
Generalized Multistep Predictor-Corrector Methods.
Convergence of Multipoint Iterative Methods.
Multivariable Curve Interpolation.
Tables for the Step-by-Step Integration of Ordinary Differential Equations of the First Order.
Algebraic Specification of Statistical Models for Analysis of Variance Computations.
Digital Computer System for Dynamic Analysis of Speech and Sound Feedback Mechanisms.
An Efficient Algorithm for Finding Certain Minimum-Cost Procedures for Making Binary Decisions.
Derivation of a Waiting-Time Factor for a Multiple-Bank Memory.
An Approach to Multilevel Boolean Minimization.
Properties of Linear Machines.
Solvability of Machine Mappings of Regular Sets to Regular Sets.
RS -Machines with Almost Blank Tape.
Input-Error-Limiting Automata.
Aitken-Hermite Interpolation.
Evaluation of a Pseudorandom Normal Number Generator.
Random-Access Stored-Program Machines, an Approach to Programming Languages.
Nonlinear Programming with the Aid of a Multiple-Gradient Summation Technique.
Some Analytical Procedures for Computers and Their Applications to a Class of Multidimensional Integrals.
Generalized Inverse Computations Using the Gradient Projection Method.
A Flow Analysis Algorithm.
Mechanized Indexing Methods and Their Testing.
Investigation of Computer Operating Time and System Capacity for Man-Machine Digital Systems.
Can A Priori Probabilities Help in Character Recognition?
Error Rates for Two Methods of Statistical Pattern Recognition.
Derivatives of Regular Expressions.
A Turing Machine Simulator.
A Programming Language for Simulating Digital Systems.
A Machine-Oriented Logic Based on the Resolution Principle.
A New Normal-Form Theorem for Context-Free Phrase Structure Grammars.
A Fixed Optimum Cell-Size for Records of Various Lengths.
Sequential Search: A Method for Solving Constrained Optimization Problems.
Uniform Random Number Generators.
Numerical Evaluation of Symmetric Polynomials.
A Fast Direct Solution of Poisson's Equation Using Fourier Analysis.
Approximation of Solutions of Mixed Boundary Value Problems for Poisson's Equation by Finite Differences.
A Modified Multistep Method for the Numerical Integration of Ordinary Differential Equations.
An Error Bound for a Numerical Filtering Technique.
Analysis and Synthesis of Stable Linear Sequential Circuits.
Discrete Orthonormal Sequences.
Examination of Multiple Roots and Root Clusters of a Polynomial Using the Bernoulli Procedure.
On the Numerical Solution of Ordinary and Partial Differential Equations Using Integral Relations.
Convergence Problems in Maehly's Second Method.
The Automorphism Group of the Direct Product of Strongly Related Automata.
Computer Studies of Turing Machine Problems.
Optimal Decision Functions for Computer Character Recognition.
A Predictor-Corrector Algorithm with an Increased Range of Absolute Stability.
Number Base Conversion in a Significant Digit Arithmetic.
A "Binary" System for Complex Numbers.
Document Association and Classification Based on L-Languages.
Concerning the Merging of Equal Length Tape Files.
The Choice of Origin and Scale for Graphs.
Threshold Logic Elements Used as a Probability Transformer.
On the Time Required to Perform Addition.
Digital Time-Domain Analysis of Systems with Widely Separated Poles.
A Survey of Methods of Computing Minimax and Near-Minimax Polynomial Approximations for Functions of a Single Independent Variable.
One View of Man-Machine Interaction.
An Online Display for the Study of Approximating Functions.
On a Problem Concerning a Central Storage Device Served by Multiple Terminals.
A Modified Method of Latent Class Analysis for File Organization in Information Retrieval.
Statistical Complexity of Algorithms for Boolean Function Minimization.
On the Boolean Matrix Equation M....
Chebyshev Solution of n+1 Linear Equations in n Unknowns.
Generation of Primes by a One-Dimensional Real-Time Iterative Array.
Location of the Maximum on Unimodal Surfaces.
Ultimate-Definite and Symmetric-Definite Events and Automata.
Generalized Cascade Decompositions of Automata.
Mappings of languages by two-tape devices.
Correction.
Morphological Classification in the National Bureau of Standards Mechanical Translation System.
Is Automatic Classification a Reasonable Application of Statistical Analysis of Text?
Automatic Subject Recognition in Scientific Papers: An Empirical Study.
Backtrack Programming.
An Investigation of Some Computational Aspects of Integer Programming.
Efficiency and Completeness of the Set of Support Strategy in Theorem Proving.
On Mappings for Modular Arithmetic, I.
On Mappings for Modular Arithmetic, II.
Iterative Procedures for Nonlinear Integral Equations.
Groups of Automorphisms and Sets of Equivalence Classes of Input for Automata.
On the Automorphism Group of an Automaton.
On Formalisms for Turing Machines.
Analysis of Real Time Multiprogramming.
Segmentation and the Design of Multiprogrammed Computer Systems.
Updating the Product Form of the Inverse for the Revised Simplex Method.
Program and Addressing Structure in a Time-Sharing Environment.
ALPHA - An Automatic Programming System of High Efficiency.
Large Parallel Computers.
Realization of Input-Output Relations by Sequential Machines.
Index Register Allocation.
Ambiguity in context free languages.
On the Syntax of Algorithmic Languages.
Convergence Problems in Maehly's Second Method: Part II.
Pseudo-Runge-Kutta Methods Involving Two Points.
A Procedure for Nonlinear Least Squares Refinement in Adverse Practical Conditions.
A Method for the Solution of Roots of a Nonlinear Equation and for Solution of the General Eigenvalue Problem.
A Note on Linear Extrapolation of Multivariable Functions by the Monte Carlo Method.
On Asymptotic Estimates in Switching and Automata Theory.
Two Complete Axiom Systems for the Algebra of Regular Events.
Group-Type Automata.
Sequential Processing Machines (S.P.M) Analyzed With a Queuing Theory Model.
BE VISION, A Package of IBM 7090 FORTRAN Programs to Draw Orthographic Views of Combinations of Plane and Quadric Surfaces.
A Mechanical Analysis of the Cyclic Structure of Undirected Linear Graphs.
Analysis of Graphs by Connectivity Considerations.
The Solvability of the Derivability Problem for One-Normal Systems.
A Theory of Computer Instructions.
On the Class of Predicates Decidable by Two-Way Multitape Finite Automata.
The Synthesis of Recursive Digital Filters.
Unrecognizable Sets of Numbers.
Boundary Value Techniques for the Numerical Solution of Certain Initial Value Problems in Ordinary Differential Equations.
Numerical Experiments in Conformal Mapping by the Method of Orthonormal Polynomials.
Some Results on Multicategory Pattern Recognition.
Time-Shared Computer Operations With Both Interarrival and Service Times Exponential.
Conversion of Limited-Entry Decision Tables to Optimal Computer Programs I: Minimum Average Processing Time.
Monogenic Post Normal Systems of Arbitrary Degree.
Preservation of unambiguity and inherent ambiguity in context-free languages.
Use of Multiwrite for General Programmability of Search Memories.
Predictor-Corrector Methods of High Order With Improved Stability Characteristics.
Automatic Controlled Precision Calculations.
Internal Sorting by Radix Plus Sifting.
Generalized Single-Ended Counters.
Numerical Inversion of Laplace Transforms Using Laguerre Functions.
A Class of Integration Formulas.
On the "Reverse Order Law" Related to the Generalized Inverse of Matrix Products.
An Abstract Machine for Symbolic Computation.
Corrigenda: "Statistical Complexity of Algorithms for Boolean Function Minimization".
Sequential Operations in Digital Picture Processing.
A Formal System for Differentiation.
An Extension of Romberg Integration Procedures to N-Variables.
Statistical Determination of Certain Mathematical Constants and Functions Using Computers.
Analysis of the Address Assignment Problem for Clustered Keys.
Two-Tape Simulation of Multitape Turing Machines.
On the Length of Programs for Computing Finite Binary Sequences.
On Context-Free Languages.
The Unsolvability of the Recognition of Linear Context-Free Languages.
The Independence of Inherent Ambiguity From Complementedness Among Context-Free Languages.
The Immortality Problem for Post Normal Systems.
Discrete Analogs for Continuous Filters.
Digital One-Third Octave Spectral Analysis.
The Placement of Computer Logic Modules.
The Synthesis of Algorithmic Systems.
Sieving Procedures on a Digital Computer.
Statistical Discrimination of the Synonymy/Antonymy Relationship Between Words.
A Computer Program for the Nonnumerical Testing and Reduction of Sets of Algebraic Partial Differential Equations.
Computable Error Bounds for Direct Solution of Linear Equations.
A Modification of Davidon's Minimization Method to Accept Difference Approximations of Derivatives.
A Multistep Generalization of Runge-Kutta Methods With Four or Five Stages.
Fourier Analysis of Uniform Random Number Generators.
Binomial-Weighted Orthogonal Polynomials.
Subresultants and Reduced Polynomial Remainder Sequences.
Modified Multistep Methods Based on a Nonpolynomial Interpolant.
Multistep Methods With Modified Predictors and Correctors.
A Remark on Post Normal Systems.
Stack automata and compiling.
A Survey of Microcellular Research.
Time-shared Systems: a theoretical treatment.
Some Mathematical Considerations of Time-Sharing Scheduling Algorithms.
Error Probability in Decision Functions for Character Recognition.
Models of Computations and Systems - Evaluation of Vertex Probabilities in Graph Models of Computations.
Path Detection in Multidimensional Iterative Arrays.
A Convergent Algorithm for Solving Polynomial Algorithms.
Iterative Refinement in Floating Point.
A Machine-Independent Theory of the Complexity of Recursive Functions.
A Uniform Random Number Generator Based on the Combination of Two Congruential Generators.
Resolution by Iteration of Some Nonlinear Systems.
A Test for Instability in the Numerical Solution of Ordinary Differential Equations.
A Procedure for Checking Equality of Regular Expressions.
On the Numerical Solution of a Quasi-Linear Elliptic Equation.
Irreducible Topological Components of an Arbitrary Boolean Truth Function and Generation of Their Minimal Coverings.
Note Concerning the Algebraic Theory of Automata.
One-way stack automata.
Corrigendum: "On the Boolean Matrix Equation M...".
Corrigendum: "The Automorphism Group of the Direct Product of Strongly Related Automata".
Probability Models for Multiprogramming Computer Systems.
Production and Stabilization of Real-Time Task Schedules.
Roots of Star Events.
Some Bounds on the Storage Requirements of Sequential Machines and Turing Machines.
Parenthesis Grammars.
Matrix Equations and Normal Forms for Context-Free Grammars.
Analysis of Factorial Experiments Using Generalized Matrix Operations.
A Method for Constructing Circuit Codes.
An Algorithm for Generating Stable Feedback Shift Registers of Order n.
On the Compatibility of a Given Solution With the Data of a Linear System.
Numerical Solution of Parabolic Partial Differential Equations With Two-Point Boundary Conditions by Use of the Method of Lines.
The Organization of Computations for Uniform Recurrence Equations.
Application of Parallel Processing to Numerical Weather Prediction.
Programming Language for Automata.
Nondeterministic Algorithms.
Real-Time Definable Languages.
On Memory Requirements for Context-Free Language Recognition.
Periodic Decomposition of Sequential Machines.
The Solvability of the Halting Problem for 2-State Post Machines.
Minimal Experiments for Input-Independent Machines.
Automatic Theorem Proving With Renamable and Semantic Resolution.
The Concept of Demodulation in Theorem Proving.
Morphology of "Information Flow".
An Algorithm for Reconstructing Protein and RNA Sequences.
On a Continuous Method of Approximating Solutions of the Heat Equation.
Conversion of Limited-Entry Decision Tables to Optimal Computer Programs II: minimum storage requirement.
Matrix Inversion Using Parallel Processing.
On Computing the Fixed-Point Probability Vector of Ergodic Transition Matrices.
Solution of Ordinary Differential Equations Using Two "Off-Step" Points.
Some New Results in Pseudo-Random Number Generation.
On the Time Required to Perform Multiplication.
Computers Then and Now.
Computer Evaluation of Indexing and Text Processing.
PL360, a Programming Language for the 360 Computers.
Solution of Integer Linear Programming Problems by Direct Search.
Experiments With a Multipurpose, Theorem-Proving Heuristic Program.
Statistical Estimation of the Numerical Solution of a Fredholm Integral Equation of the First Kind.
Numerical Inversion of Laplace Transforms by Relating Them to the Finite Fourier Cosine Transform.
Some Completeness Results in the Mathematical Theory of Computation.
Structure and Transition-Preserving Functions of Finite Automata.
A Permutation Network.
A Formalism for Program Translation.
Structuring of Parallel Algorithms.
The Perspective Representation of Functions of Two Variables.
A Mathematical Model for the Analysis of Contour-Line Data.
A Bidirectional Simplex Algorithm.
Mechanical Theorem-Proving by Model Elimination.
An Adaptation of the Fast Fourier Transform for Parallel Processing.
Quasi-Newton Methods for Nonlinear Equations.
Common Solutions for n Matrix Equations With Applications.
Analysis in the Computable Number Field.
A Remark on Acceptable Sets of Numbers.
Generalized Pair Algebra With Applications to Automata Theory.
Decidable and Undecidable Questions About Automata.
Computational Complexity of One-Tape Turing Machine Computations.
Corrigendum: "A Permutation Network".
Analysis of Two Time-Sharing Algorithms Designed for Limited Swapping.
A Procedure for Detecting Intersections of Three-Dimensional Objects.
Resolution With Merging.
On the Recognition of Primes by Automata.
A Modification of Nordsieck's Method Using an "Off-Step" Point.
Inversion of Modified Symmetric Matrices.
The Unsolvability of the Equivalence Problem for Lambda-Free Nondeterministic Generalized Machines.
Relations Between Time and Tape Complexities.
One-way nondeterministic real-time list-storage languages.
A Universal Syntax-Directed Top-Down Analyzer.
Syntax-Directed Transduction.
Corrigendum: "PL360, a Programming Language for the 360 Computers".
Semantic Clustering of Index Terms.
PATRICIA - Practical Algorithm To Retrieve Information Coded in Alphanumeric.
The Influence of Data Base Characteristics and Usage on Direct Access File Organization.
Feedback Queueing Models for Time-Shared Systems.
Queueing Analysis of the IBM 2314 Disk Storage Facility.
Scheduling Parallel Computations.
A Method for Obtaining Skeletons Using a Quasi-Euclidean Distance.
A Formal Deductive Problem-Solving System.
Indexed Grammars - An Extension of Context-Free Grammars.
On the Independence of Real-Time Definability and Certain Structural Properties of Context-Free Languages.
Degrees of Unsolvability in Formal Grammars.
Representation of Events in the von Neumann Cellular Model.
A Theorem for the Stability of General Predictor-Corrector Methods for the Solution of Systems of Differential Equations.
Generalized Multistep Methods in Satellite Orbit Computation.
A Correction Concerning Resolution.
A Policy for JACM.
One Man's View of Computer Science.
MERCURY: H system for the computer-aided distribution of technical reports.
Automatic Question-Answering of English-Like Questions About Simple Diagrams.
Semi-Automated Mathematics.
Recursive Formulas for the Evaluation of the Convolutions Integral.
Analysis of a Drum Input/Output Queue Under Scheduled Operation in a Paged Computer System.
An Infinite Hierarchy of Context-Free Languages.
Programmed Grammars and Classes of Formal Languages.
On Decompositions of Regular Events.
On the Length of Programs for Computing Finite Binary Sequences: statistical considerations.
On the Complexity of Undecidable Problems in Automata Theory.
Some Results on Tape-Bounded Turing Machines.
A Model of Replication.
Experiments With Some Programs That Search Game Trees.
Automorphisms of Polyadic Automata.
A Note on Star-Free Events.
Synchronizations and General Repetitive Machines, with Applications to Ultimate Definite Automata.
The Time Required for Group Multiplication.
Properties of Programs and the First-Order Predicate Calculus.
A Direct Proof of the Inherent Ambiguity of a Simple Context-Free Language.
Translation Networks and Function Composition.
New Methods in Automatic Extracting.
Lattice Approximations to the Minima of Functions of Several Variables.
Linear Multistep Methods for Volterra Integro-Differential Equations.
Inversion of Matrices by Partitioning.
A Time-Sharing Queue with a Finite Number of Customers.
The Recursive Unsolvability of the Decision Problem for the Class of Definite Formulas.
Toward a Theory of Enumerations.
A Simplified Format for the Model Elimination Theorem-Proving Procedure.
A Planning Problem Solver Based on Look-Ahead in Stochastic Game Trees.
Nested Stack Automata.
On the Simplicity and Speed of Programs for Computing Infinite Sets of Natural Numbers.
A Syntax-Analysis Procedure for Unambiguous Context-Free Grammars.
On the Periodic Representations and the Reducibility of Periodic Automata.
Lattice Functions, Pair Algebras, and Finite-State Machines.
An Algorithm for Finding a Minimum Equivalent Graph of a Digraph.
A Generalization of Shift-Register Sequence Generators.
Organization of Large Scale Fourier Processors.
Notes on the Adaptive Simpson Quadrature Routine.
A New Look at the Numerical Integration of Ordinary Differential Equations.
On Monotone Decomposable Operators.
A Stochastic Approximation Method for Optimization Problems.
Sufficient Conditions for the Success of GPS.
Continuous Skeletons from Digitized Images.
Halting Stack Automata.
A Cycle Generation Algorithm for Finite Undirected Linear Graphs.
File Organization: On the Selection of Random Access Index Points for Sequential Files.
Nonnormality and Jordan Condition Numbers of Matrices.
Finite Difference Scheme for a Third Boundary Value Problem.
Toeplitz Matrix Inversion: The Algorithm of W. F. Trench.
Analysis and Optimization of Disk Storage Devices for Time-Sharing Systems.
Random Sets in Subrecursive Hierarchies.
Computer Time-Sharing Queues with Priorities.
Erratum: "Analysis of a Drum Input/Output Queue Under Scheduled Operation in a Paged Computer System".
Erratum: "Automorphisms of polyadic automata".
Erratum: "Mechanical Theorem-Proving by Model Elimination".
On the Role of the ACM Journal.
Two-way balloon automata and AFL.
Total Precedence Relations.
General Problems of Formal Grammars.
A Note on Ambiguity of Context-Free Languages and Presentations of Semilinear Sets.
An Efficient Algorithm for Graph Isomorphism.
Storage Requirements for Information Handling Centers.
An Algorithm for Convex Polytopes.
Symbolic Generation of an Optimal Crout Algorithm for Sparse Systems of Linear Equations.
Note on a Least Squares Inverse for a Matrix.
Algorithmic Solution of the Change-Making Problem.
Waiting Time Distributions for Processor-Sharing Systems.
A Queueing Theory Study of Round-Robin Scheduling of Time-Shared Computer Systems.
Connectivity in Digital Pictures.
Thresholded Convolutions Operations.
Simplification of the Covering Problem with Application to Boolean Expressions.
An Algorithm for Modular Partitioning.
Form and Content in Computer Science (1970 ACM turing lecture).
A Programming Language With Automatic Goal Generation and Selection.
Connectivity and Reversibility in Automata.
Computational Complexity and Probability Constructions.
Kronecker Matrices, Computer Implementation, and Generalized Spectra.
Sequences of Numbers That Are Approximately Completely Equidistributed.
Methods of Search for Solving Polynomial Equations.
Stability Analysis of a New Algorithm Used for Integrating a System of Ordinary Differential Equations.
Application of the Method of Lines to Parabolic Partial Differential Equations With Error Estimates.
An Approach to Solving Linear Discrete Optimization Problems.
A Feedback Queueing System With Batch Arrivals, Bulk Service, and Queue-Dependent Service Time.
Preemptive Scheduling of Real-Time Tasks on Multiprocessor Systems.
The Logical Complexity of Geometric Properties in the Plane.
On Limit Properties in Digitization Schemes.
An Algorithmic Semantics for ALGOL 60 Identifier Denotation.
Accelerating List Processing in Discrete Programming.
On Canonical Forms and Simplification.
On the Approximate Solution of Free Boundary Problems Using Finite Differences.
An Initial-Value Theory for Fredholm Integral Equations With Semidegenerate Kernels.
Nonlinear Interpolation of Multivariable Functions by the Monte Carlo Method.
Optimization of Memory Hierarchies in Multiprogrammed Systems.
Nonlinear Regression With Linear Constraints: An Extension of the Magnified Diagonal Method.
Parsing of Graph-Representable Pictures.
The Use of Information in Sorting.
Samplesort: A Sampling Approach to Minimal Storage Tree Sorting.
Tree Structures for Optimal Searching.
Controllability of Nonlinear Sequential Networks.
A Linear Format for Resolution With Merging and a New Technique for Establishing Completeness.
Interpolation Theorems for Resolution in Lower Predicate Calculus.
Legality and Other Properties of Graph Models of Computations.
Formalization of Properties of Functional Programs.
An Analysis of Some Graph Theoretical Cluster Techniques.
A New Method of Interpolation and Smooth Curve Fitting Based on Local Procedures.
Computer Interval Arithmetic: Definition and Proof of Correct Implementation.
Pseudo-Runge-Kutta Methods of the Fifth Order.
A Method for Solving Large Matrix Equations Reduced From Fredholm Integral Equations of the Second Kind.
Accumulation of Round-Off Error in Fast Fourier Transforms.
Efficiency of a Procedure for Near-Minimax Approximation.
Error Bounds for Zeros of a Polynomial Based Upon Gerschgorin's Theorems.
Necessary and Sufficient Conditions for Dynamic Programming of Combinatorial Type.
Statistical Properties of the Buddy System.
The Unit Proof and the Input Proof in Theorem Proving.
On the Efficiency of Algorithms.
The Generation of Optimal Code for Arithmetic Expressions.
The Equivalence Problem of Simple Programs.
Errata: "On the Periodic Representations and the Reducibility of Periodic Automata".
Some Thoughts on Scientific Information Dissemination.
Characterizations of Pushdown Machines in Terms of Time-Bounded Computers.
An Augmented Content-Addressed Memory Array for Implementation With Large-Scale Integration.
Optimal Sequential Partitions of Graphs.
 Solutions of Overdetermined Linear Equations.
A Mean Square Estimate of the Generated Roundoff Error in Constant Matrix Iterative Processes.
Topological Problems Arising When Solving Boundary Value Problems for Elliptic Partial Differential Equations by the Method of Finite Differences.
A Graphical Search for Stiffly Stable Methods for Ordinary Differential Equations.
Principles of Optimal Page Replacement.
Effects of Constrained Information on Player Decisions in Experimental Business Simulation: Some Empirical Evidence.
The Boundary Count of Digital Pictures.
An Operator Which Locates Edges in Digitized Pictures.
Completeness of Linear Refutation for Theories with Equality.
Some Comments from a Numerical Analyst.
A Grammatical Characterization of One-Way Nondeterministic Stack Languages.
A Mathematical Method for Analyzing the Growth of a Scientific Discipline.
Probability Models for Buffer Storage Allocation Problems.
A Cyclic-Queue Model of System Overhead in Multiprogrammed Computer Systems.
Busy Period Analysis of a Time-Sharing System Modeled as a Semi-Markov Process.
On the Topological Properties of Quantized Spaces, I. The Notion of Dimension.
On the Topological Properties of Quantized Spaces, II. Connectivity and Order of Connectivity.
Some Parallel Thinning Algorithms for Digital Pictures.
Chow Parameters in Threshold Logic.
On Effective Procedures for Speeding Up Algorithms.
Deterministic Pushdown Store Machines and Real-Time Computation.
A Note on Degrees of Self-Describing Turing Machines.
Simple Computation-Universal Cellular Spaces.
On the Optimal Solutions to AND/OR Series-Parallel Graphs.
Numerical Analysis of a Nonlinear Diffusion Problem.
The Runs Up-and-Down Performance of Tausworthe Pseudo-Random Number Generators.
An Accessing Model.
Analysis of Remote Terminal Backlogs under Heavy Demand Conditions.
An Estimate of the Store Size Necessary for Dynamic Storage Allocation.
Some Results Concerning the Reduction of Binary Matrices.
Minimal Sets of Distinct Literals for a Logically Passive Function.
An Overview of the Theory of Computational Complexity.
Introduction.
On Euclid's Algorithm and the Computation of Polynomial Greatest Common Divisors.
On Euclid's Algorithm and the Theory of Subresultants.
The Calculation of Multivariate Polynomial Resultants.
Integer Arithmetic Algorithms for Polynomial Real Zero Determination.
Determining the Equivalence of Algebraic Expressions by Hash Coding.
On the Problem of Recognizing Zero.
Equilibration of Symmetric Matrices in the Max-Norm.
A Note on Consistent Ordering and Zero Circulation.
A Note on Quadrilateral Interpolation.
Multiplicative Pseudo-Random Number Generators with Prime Modulus.
Solving Boundary-Value Problems by Imbedding.
A Dynamic Time-Sharing Priority Queue.
A Note on Some Mathematical Models of Time-Sharing Systems.
On Network Linguistics and the Conversational Design of Queueing Networks.
Two Results on Ordering for Resolution with Merging and Linear Format.
What Is Computer Science?
S-Semigroups of Automata.
Linear and Context-Free Graph Grammars.
Analysis of Graphs by Ordering of Nodes.
A New Search Algorithm for Finding the Simple Cycles of a Finite Directed Graph.
Memory Requirements in a Multiprocessing Environment.
Analysis of Two Time-Sharing Queueing Models.
Service in a Loop System.
Fuzzy Logic and the Resolution Principle.
Automatic Theorem Proving with Built-in Theories Including Equality, Partial Ordering, and Sets.
Addressless Units for Carrying Out Loop-Free Computations.
Computational Complexity and the Existence of Complexity Gaps.
The Operator Gap.
Theoretical Efficiency of the Edmonds-Karp Algorithm for Computing Maximal Flows.
Multitape AFA.
A Note on Bracketed Grammars.
Weak and Mixed Strategy Precedence Parsing.
Corrections to Bierstone's Algorithm for Generating Cliques.
Theoretical Improvements in Algorithmic Efficiency for Network Flow Problems.
On the Maximization of a Pseudo-Boolean Function.
One-Pass Complexity of Digital Picture Properties.
Recursive Properties of Abstract Complexity Classes.
Addressable Data Graphs.
Sorting Using Networks of Queues and Stacks.
Statistical Studies of Theoremhood in Classical Propositional and First Order Predicate Calculus.
A Unifying View of Some Linear Herbrand Procedures.
An Algorithm for the Design of Simple Precedence Grammars.
The Halting Problem for Probabilistic Context-Free Generators.
Permutation Graphs and Transitive Graphs.
Graph Structures.
Finding the Lengths of All Shortest paths in N-Node Nonnegative-Distance Complete Networks Using ½N³ Additions and N³ Comparisons.
Practical Aspects of Doubly Chained Trees for Retrieval.
Inversion of Persymmetric Matrices Having Toeplitz Inverses.
Nonpriority Multiprogramming Systems Under Heavy Demand Conditions--Customers' Viewpoint.
Busy Period Analysis of a Time-Sharing System: transform inversion.
Processor Sharing Queueing Models of Mixed Scheduling Disciplines for Time Shared System.
A Stochastic Model for Message Assembly Buffering with a Comparison of Block Assignment Strategies.
An Approach for Finding C-Linear Complete Inference Systems.
The Expression of Algorithms by Charts.
Subrecursive Programming Languages, Part I: efficiency and program structure.
A Note on the Efficiency of Hashing Functions.
Corrigendum: "Computational Complexity and the Existence of Complexity Gaps".
Computer Approaches to the Representations of Lie Algebras.
Real-Time Simulation of Multihead Tape Units.
A Note Concerning Nondeterministic Tape Complexities.
An axiomatic approach to code optimization for expressions.
Bounds on Optimal Merge Performance, and a Strategy for Optimality.
On the Optimality of Some Set Algorithms.
Computational Work and Time on Finite Machines.
On the Covering and Reduction Problems for Context-Free Grammars.
The Generation of Minimal Trees with a Steiner Topology.
Accelerated Algorithms for Labeling and Relabeling of Trees, with Applications to Distribution Problems.
A Note on Feedback Queues with Bulk Service.
A Minimum Variance Sampling Technique for Simulation Models.
Toward a Formal Theory of Modeling and Simulation: Structure Preserving Morphisms.
Upper Bounds for the Total Path Length of Binary Trees.
A-Stable Composite Multistep Methods.
An Efficient Parallel Algorithm for the Solution of a Tridiagonal Linear System of Equations.
A Combinatorial Problem Related to Interleaved Memory Systems.
Scheduling Algorithms for Multiprogramming in a Hard-Real-Time Environment.
Mathematical Models for Automatic Line Detection.
Arcs and Curves in Digital Pictures.
Efficient Exercising of Switching Elements in Nets of Identical Gates.
The Solvability of the Decision Problem for Classes of Proper Formulas and Related Results.
Z-Resolution: Theorem-Proving with Compiled Axioms.
A Class of Merging Algorithms.
Tree-Manipulating Systems and Church-Rosser Theorems.
Errata: "An axiomatic approach to code optimization for Expressions".
Set Covering by an All Integer Algorithm: Computational Experience.
Benefit-Cost Analysis of Coding Techniques for the Primal Transportation Algorithm.
Canonical Precedence Schemes.
A Formalization of Transition Diagram Systems.
Recent Studies in Automatic Text Analysis and Document Retrieval.
Best Least Squares Solutions to Finite Difference Equations Using the Generalized Inverse and Tensor Product Methods.
Optimal Covering Algorithms in Methods of Search for Solving Polynomial Equations.
A Midpoint Phenomenon.
Note on a Lower Bound on the Linear Complexity of the Fast Fourier Transform.
Optimization of Static Loading and Sizing of Multilevel Memory Systems.
Efficient Exercising of Switching Elements in Combinatorial Nets.
A Complete Mechanization of Second-Order Type Theory.
A Backtrack Procedure for Isomorphism of Directed Graphs.
A Path Entropy Function for Rooted Trees.
A Note on Dijkstra's Shortest Path Algorithm.
A Note on Yen's Algorithm for Finding the Length of All Shortest Paths in N-Node Nonnegative-Distance Networks.
Reply to Williams and White's Note.
On Local Roundoff Errors in Floating-Point Arithmetic.
Toward Abstract Numerical Analysis.
An Algorithm for the Inversion of Block Matrices of Toeplitz Form.
Cyclic Queues with Bulk Arrivals.
Placement of Records on a Secondary Storage Device to Minimize Access Time.
Some Results in Computational Topology.
Generalized Feedback Shift Register Pseudorandom Number Algorithm.
An Asymptotically Random Tausworthe Sequence.
Efficient Ordering of Set Expressions for Symbolic Expansion.
Decidable Properties of Monadic Functional Schemas.
Loopless Algorithms for Generating Permutations, Combinations, and Other Combinatorial Configurations.
Parallel Program Schemata and Maximal Parallelism I. Fundamental Results.
Erratum: "An axiomatic approach to code optimization for expressions".
Bernoulli's Method with Implicit Shifting.
On Testing a Subroutine for the Numerical Integration of Ordinary Differential Equations.
The Exact Solution of Systems of Linear Equations with Polynomial Coefficients.
A Multiprogramming Queue.
Performance of Movable-Head Disk Storage Devices.
On the Optimality of the Probability Ranking Scheme in Storage Applications.
A Local Visual Operator Which Recognizes Edges and Lines.
The Concept of Weak Substitution in Theorem-Proving.
Ordinal Hierarchies and Naming Complexity Classes.
An Example of Information and Computation Resource Trade-Off.
Parallel Program Schemata and Maximal Parallelism II: Construction of Closures.
On a Statistical Model of Strand and Westwater for the Numerical Solution of a Fredholm Integral Equation of the First Kind.
Some a Posteriori Error Bounds in Floating-Point Computations.
Processing Times for Segmented Jobs with I/O Compute Overlap.
Some Distribution-Free Aspects of Paging Algorithm Performance.
Finding Optimal Demand Paging Algorithms.
Some Aspects of Hierarchical Memory Systems.
Scheduling for Minimum Total Loss Using Service Time Distributions.
Some Topics in Code Optimization.
Simulating Stable Stochastic Systems, I: General Multiserver Queues.
Simulating Stable Stochastic Systems, II: Markov Chains.
An Implementation of the Model Elimination Proof Procedure.
Characterization and Theoretical Comparison of Branch-and-Bound Algorithms for Permutation Problems.
A Theorem in the Theory of Compromise Merge Methods.
On the Number of Multiplications for the Evaluation of a Polynomial and Some of Its Derivatives.
The String-to-String Correction Problem.
Some Binary Derivation Systems.
A New Class of Automated Theorem-Proving Algorithms.
The Parallel Evaluation of General Arithmetic Expressions.
Further Results on the Problem of Finding Minimal Length Programs for Decision Tables.
Grammar Schemata.
A Modified List Technique Allowing Binary Search.
A Document Storage Method Based on Polarized Distance.
Efficient Storage and Retrieval by Content and Address of Static Files.
Calculating the Eigenvectors of Diagonally Dominant Matrices.
The Solution of a Toeplitz Set of Linear Equations.
Computing Partitions with Applications to the Knapsack Problem.
Bernstein-Bézier Methods for the Computer-Aided Design of Free-Form Curves and Surfaces.
Efficiency of Chebyshev Approximation on Finite Subsets.
Comments on a Paper by Gaver.
Application of the Diffusion Approximation to Queueing Networks I: Equilibrium Queue Distributions.
Synthesis of a Feedback Queueing Discipline for Computer Operation.
Priority Disciplines in a Loop System.
Erratum: "A Local Visual Operator Which Recognizes Edges and Lines".
Corrigendum: "Some Topics in Code Optimization".
An Efficient Algorithm for Finding an Irredundant Set Cover.
The Diclique Representation and Decomposition of Binary Relations.
Characterizations of Reducible Flow Graphs.
Efficiency of a Binary Comparison Storage Technique.
An Algorithm for the Chromatic Number of a Graph.
A Combinatorial Problem Related to Multimodule Memory Organizations.
Information-Theoretic Limitations of Formal Systems.
On Almost Everywhere Complex Recursive Functions.
Iterated Limiting Recursion and the Program Minimization Problem.
Context-Limited Grammars.
Computing a Subinterval of the Image.
Application of the Diffusion Approximation to Queueing Networks II: Nonequilibrium Distributions and Applications to Computer Modeling.
Waiting Lines and Times in a System with Polling.
Bounds for Some Functions Concerning Dynamic Storage Allocation.
Transformation of Multisalesman Problem to the Standard Traveling Salesman Problem.
An Algorithm for the Bounded Variable Integer Programming Problem.
Some New Bounds on the Condition Numbers of Optimally Scaled Matrices.
On the Parsing of Deterministic Languages.
Efficient Planarity Testing.
An Optimal Algorithm to Detect a Line Graph and Output Its Root Graph.
A Search Procedure for Hamilton Paths and Circuits.
Linear Least Squares by Elimination and MGS.
The Undecidability of the Existence of Zeros of Real Elementary Functions.
Unit Refutations and Horn Sets.
A Human Oriented Logic for Automatic Theorem-Proving.
Automated Theorem-Proving for Theories with Simplifiers Commutativity, and Associativity.
Optimal Order of One-Point and Multipoint Iteration.
Allocating Storage for Extendible Arrays.
Testing for the Church-Rosser Property.
An Analysis of Some Relationships Between Post and Boolean Algebras.
Regularity and Related Problems for Deterministic Pushdown Automata.
An Algorithm for Finding a Minimal Equivalent Graph of a Digraph.
A Formal Construction of Term Classes.
On Computing the Exact Determinant of Matrices with Polynomial Entries.
High Order Search Methods for Finding Roots.
A Metalgorithm for Adaptive Quadrature.
An Analysis of Drum Storage Units.
Exact, Approximate, and Guaranteed Accuracy Algorithms for the Flow-Shop Problem n/2/F/\bar F.
Approximate Algorithms for the 0/1 Knapsack Problem.
The Change-Making Problem.
Proving Theorems about LISP Functions.
Derivation of a Path-Connectivity Matrix for Tagged Flowcharts.
On the Structure of Polynomial Time Reducibility.
Errata: "Performance of Movable-Head Disk Storage Devices".
An Extension of the String-to-String Correction Problem.
The Linear Complexity of Computation.
Bounds to Complexities of Networks for Sorting and for Switching.
Efficient Generation of Optimal Prefix Code: Equiprobable Words Using Unequal Cost Letters.
Efficiency of a Good But Not Linear Set Union Algorithm.
A Simple Planarity Criterion.
A Generalized Multi-Entrance Time-Sharing Priority Queue.
Open, Closed, and Mixed Networks of Queues with Different Classes of Customers.
On Approximate Computer System Models.
A Processor in Series with Demand-Interrupting Devices - A Stochastic Model.
Multivariate Polynomial Factorization.
Corrigendum: "Allocating Storage for Extendible Arrays".
Inference and Paraphrase by Computer.
A Theory of Program Size Formally Identical to Information Theory.
On Reducibility to Complex or Sparse Sets.
A New Linear-Time "On-Line" Algorithm for Finding the Smallest Initial Palindrome of a String.
Advances on the Hamiltonian Completion Problem.
Representing Graphs by Knuth Trees.
The Complexity of Some Simple Retrieval Problems.
Primes with a Prime Subscript.
The Generation of Optimal Code for Stack Machines.
Queueing Analysis of the Scan Policy for Moving-Head Disks.
A Computational Study of the Effects of Problem Dimensions on Solution Times for Transportation Problems.
Errata: "Testing for the Church-Rosser Property".
The Concept of Term Exclusiveness and Its Effect on the Theory of Boolean Functions.
The Effect of a Capacity Constraint on the Minimal Cost of a Partition.
A Sorting Algorithm for Polynomial Multiplication.
Fast Approximation Algorithms for the Knapsack and Sum of Subset Problems.
On Finding the Maxima of a Set of Vectors.
On the Parallel Evaluation of Certain Arithmetic Expressions.
An Observation on Relative Parsing Time.
A Note on Tape-Bounded Complexity Classes and Linear Context-Free languages.
A Sufficient Bound for Codes Correcting Bursts with Weight Constraint.
A Class of Implicit Runge-Kutta Methods for the Numerical Integration of Stiff Ordinary Differential Equations.
Computer Search for Numerical Instability.
Analysis of Several Task-Scheduling Algorithms for a Model of Multiprogramming Computer Systems.
The Fanout Structure of Switching Functions.
A Proof Procedure Using Connection Graphs.
On the Interconnection of Asynchronous Control Structures.
Bounds on the Complexity of the Longest Common Subsequence Problem.
Bounds for the String Editing Problem.
On the Complete Covering Problem for LR(k)Grammars.
An Algorithm for Subgraph Isomorphism.
The Complexity of Near-Optimal Graph Coloring.
A Shortest Path Algorithm for Edge-Sparse Graphs.
A Gaussian Elimination Algorithm for the Enumeration of Cut Sets in a Graph.
Note on Hopcroft and Tarjan's Planarity Algorithm.
Precision Weighting - An Effective Automatic Indexing Method.
Numerical Inversion of Laplace Transforms Using a Fourier Series Approximation.
Adaptive Allocation of Central Processing Unit Quanta.
Record Allocation for Minimizing Expected Retrieval Costs on Drum-Like Storage Devices.
Algorithms for Scheduling Independent Tasks.
The independence of miss ratio on page size.
A Polynomial-Time Algorithm for the Knapsack Problem with Two Variables.
A Code for the Transportation Problem of Linear Programming.
Global Data Flow Analysis and Iterative Algorithms.
A Fast and Usually Linear Algorithm for Global Flow Analysis.
A Completeness Theorem for Straight-Line Programs with Structured Variables.
An Efficient Implementation of Edmonds' Algorithm for Maximum Matching on Graphs.
Efficiency of Computation of Cayley Tables of 2-Groups.
Fast Multiple-Precision Evaluation of Elementary Functions.
New Algorithms and Lower Bounds for the Parallel Evaluation of Certain Rational Expressions and Recurrences.
A Space-Economical Suffix Tree Construction Algorithm.
A Statistical Model for Relevance Feedback in Information Retrieval.
Convergence Estimates for the Distribution of Trailing Digits.
Array Permutation by Index-Digit Permutation.
On the Linear Convergence of a Covariance Factorization Algorithm.
Exact and Approximate Algorithms for Scheduling Nonidentical Processors.
A Queueing Model with Finite Waiting Room and Blocking.
A Note on the Effect or the Central Processor Service Time Distribution on Processor Utilization in Multiprogrammed Computer Systems.
Simulating Stable Stochastic Systems, VI: Quantile Estimation.
A Simple Approximation to the Average Queue Size in the Time-Dependent M/M/1 Queue.
Picture Segmentation by a Tree Traversal Algorithm.
Proving Properties of Complex Data Structures.
 (
Resolution Strategies as Decision Procedures.
Canonical Coin Changing and Greedy Solutions.
Shifting Graphs and Their Applications.
A Fast Backtracking Algorithm to Test Directed Graphs for Isomorphism Using Distance Matrices.
R-Domination in Graphs.
An Analysis of Binary Search Trees Formed from Sequences of Nondistinct Keys.
Semi-Implicit Runge-Kutta Procedures with Error Estimates for the Numerical Integration of Stiff Systems of Ordinary Differential Equations.
Scheduling Tasks with Nonuniform Deadlines on Two Processors.
Solution of Integer Programs with a Quadratic Objective Function.
Linear Programming Computational Procedures for Ordinal Regression.
Optimal Code Generation for Expression Trees.
Code Generation for a One-Register Machine.
Transforming LR(k) Grammars to LR(1), SLR(1), and (1, 1) Bounded Right-Context Grammars.
Restructuring of Arithmetic Expressions For Parallel Evaluation.
On the complexity of edge traversing.
P-Complete Approximation Problems.
Lower Bounds on Merging Networks.
Errata: "Record Allocation for Minimizing Expected Retrieval Costs on Drum-Like Storage Devices".
Theorem Proving with Lemmas.
Size complexity in context-free grammars forms.
Boundary and Object Detection in Real World Images.
Mathematical Techniques for Efficient Record Segmentation in Large Shared Databases.
Accelerated Iterative Methods for the Solution of Tridiagonal Systems on Parallel Computers.
Sequencing Jobs with Stochastic Task Structures on a Single Machine.
Open Shop Scheduling to Minimize Finish Time.
Multilevel Queues with Extremal Priorities.
Verifying Program Performance.
Enumeration of Fanout-Free Boolean Functions.
A Combinatorial Problem Which Is Complete in Polynomial Space.
Space and Time Hierarchies for Classes of Control Structures and Data Structures.
The Semantics of Predicate Logic as a Programming Language.
Efficient Algorithms for Shortest Paths in Sparse Networks.
A General Model for the Performance of Disk Systems.
A Level Algorithm for Preemptive Scheduling.
A Transformation System for Developing Recursive Programs.
Initial Algebra Semantics and Continuous Algebras.
Special Editor's Note.
An Algorithm for Structuring Flowgraphs.
Program Improvement by Source-to-Source Transformation.
Code Generation for Expressions with Common Subexpressions.
A Methodology for LISP Program Construction from Examples.
An Improved Bidirectional Heuristic Search Algorithm.
Covering Points of a Digraph with Point-Disjoint Paths and Its Application to Code Optimization.
Hashing Schemes for Extendible Arrays.
A Queueing Model of Multiprogrammed Computer Systems Under Full Load Conditions.
On Certain Output-Buffer Management Techniques--A Stochastic Model.
Product Form and Local Balance in Queueing Networks.
The Power of Dominance Relations in Branch-and-Bound Algorithms.
Heuristic Algorithms for Scheduling Independent Tasks on Nonidentical Processors.
Information Content of Programs and Operation Encoding.
Proof, Completeness, Transcendentals, and Sampling.
Algebras Having Linear Multiplicative Complexities.
On Time Versus Space.
Even Simple Programs Are Hard To Analyze.
Automatic Proofs of Theorems in Analysis Using Nonstandard Techniques.
Stability and Optimal Control of the Packet Switching Broadcast Channel.
On Equivalence and Containment Problems for Formal Languages.
Local Feedback in Full-Text Retrieval Systems.
Operations Research Applied to Document Indexing and Retrieval Decisions.
The Complexity of Trie Index Construction.
Optimal Batched Searching of Tree Structured Files in Multiprocessor Computer Systems.
A Linear Time Algorithm for Deciding Subject Security.
Development of a Parametric Generating Procedure for Integer Programming Test Problems.
On Live-Dead Analysis for Global Data Flow Problems.
Semantics of the Domain of Flow Diagrams.
Complexity of Synthesizing Inductive Assertions.
The Complexity of Parallel Evaluation of Linear Recurrences.
Word Problems Solvable in Logspace.
Errata: "Analysis of Several Task-Scheduling Algorithms for a Model of Multiprogramming Computer Systems".
On the SUP-INF Method for Proving Presburger Formulas.
A Study of Schedules as Models of Synchronous Parallel Computation.
Queueing Models for Computer Systems Connected by a Communication Line.
Log Space Recognition and Translation of Parenthesis Languages.
Big Buckets Are (Are Not) Better!
Analysis of Effectiveness of Retrieval in Clustered Files.
Errata and Comments on a Paper by J. R. Cash.
On Solving Fredholm Integral Equations of the First Kind.
Flow Switching Approach to the Maximum Flow Problem: I.
Capacity Bounds for Multiresource Queues.
Algorithms for the Longest Common Subsequence Problem.
 Topologies.
Optimization Among Provably Equivalent Programs.
Finding Two Disjoint Paths Between Two Pairs of Vertices in a Graph.
Renamings and Economy of Memory in Program Schemata.
Simple Representations of Certain Classes of Languages.
Lower Bounds and Reductions Between Grammar Problems.
KEDMA - Linguistic Tools for Retrieval Systems.
Foundations of Probabilistic and Utility-Theoretic Indexing.
On Stable Parallel Linear System Solvers.
Preemptive Scheduling of Uniform Processor Systems.
A Linear-Time On-Line Recognition Algorithm for "Palstar".
Some Complexity Results for Matrix Computations on Parallel Processors.
Reversal-Bounded Multicounter Machines and Their Decision Problems.
Renaming a Set of Clauses as a Horn Set.
Satisfiability Is Quasilinear Complete in NQL.
Separating Nondeterministic Time Complexity Classes.
A New Incompleteness Result for Hoare's System.
Stable Sorting in Asymptotically Optimal Time and Extra Space.
Optimal Arrangement of Keys in a Hash Table.
Effective Automatic Indexing Using Term Addition and Deletion.
Asynchronous Iterative Methods for Multiprocessors.
All Algebraic Functions Can Be Computed Fast.
An Example of a Skewing Function.
Pivot Strategies for Primal-Simplex Network Codes.
On the Efficiency of a Polynomial Irreducibility Test.
Analysis and Applications of the Delay Cycle for the M/M/c Queueing System.
A Direct Descent Binary Knapsack Algorithm.
The Complexity of Finite Memory Programs with Recursion.
The Complexity of Some Problems on Subsequences and Supersequences.
k+1 Heads Are Better than k.
Another Generalization of Resolution.
Properties of Conflict-Free and Persistent Petri Nets.
An Algorithm to Design the Memory Configuration of a Computer Network.
Performance Analysis of Cache Memories.
Generation of Binary Trees from Ballot Sequences.
On the Tape Complexity of Deterministic Context-Free Languages.
A Global Bisection Algorithm for Computing the Zeros of Polynomials in the Complex Plane.
Dynamic Placement of Records in Linear Storage.
The Bottleneck Traveling Salesman Problem: Algorithms and Probabilistic Analysis.
Regenerative Simulation of Response Times in Networks of Queues.
Some Properties of Predicate Transformers.
Analysis and Design of Fanout-Free Networks of Positive Symmetric Gates.
"Strong" NP-Completeness Results: Motivation, Examples, and Implications.
A Time-Space Trade-Off.
Some Matching Problems for Bipartite Graphs.
Self-Organizing Binary Search Trees.
On the Average Number of Maxima in a Set of Vectors and Applications.
The Analysis of Hashing Techniques That Exhibit k-ary Clustering.
Lower Bounds for Selection in X+Y and Other Multisets.
Noncounting Context-Free Languages.
Fast Algorithms for Manipulating Formal Power Series.
Two-Commodity Flow.
On Preemptive Scheduling of Unrelated Parallel Processors by Linear Programming.
Exact Aggregation in Exponential Queueing Networks.
Path Calculus in Program Verification.
Assignment Commands with Array References.
Conditional Expressions with Equality Tests.
Partitioning the Period of a Class of m-Sequences and Application to Pseudorandom Number Generation.
Corrigendum: "Lower Bounds and Reductions Between Grammar Problems".
Control System Model for Critically Timed Sources.
Characterizing the Storage Process and Its Effect on the Update of Main Memory by Write Through.
Bounds on Storage for Consecutive Retrieval.
On Axiomatizing Multivalued Dependencies in Relational Databases.
Security in Databases: A Combinatorial Study.
A Fast Selection Algorithm and the Problem of Optimum Distribution of Effort.
Speedup in Parallel Algorithms for Adaptive Quadrature.
Odd-Even Reduction for Banded Linear Equations.
Estimating the Mean of a Correlated Binary Sequence with an Application to Discrete Event Simulation.
Optimality of the Fast Fourier transform.
Time Bounded Random Access Machines with Parallel Processing.
A Complete and Consistent Hoare Axiomatics for a Simple Programming Language.
Programming Language Constructs for Which It Is Impossible To Obtain Good Hoare Axiom Systems.
Minimal and Optimal Computations of Recursive Programs.
An O(n log n) Algorithm for Rectilinear Minimal Spanning Trees.
A Linear Time Algorithm for Deciding Interval Graph Isomorphism.
Optimality Properties of Multiple-Key Hashing Functions.
A Fast Merging Algorithm.
A Counting Approach to Lower Bounds for Selection Problems.
Integrals with a Kernel in the Solution of Nonlinear Equations in N Dimensions.
Convergence and Complexity of Newton Iteration for Operator Equations.
On the Optimum Checkpoint Interval.
Regenerative Simulation with Internal Controls.
Data Structures and Correctness of Programs.
Concurrent Processes and Their Syntax.
Data Flow Analysis for Procedural Languages.
A Purely Homomorphic Characterization of Recursively Enumerable Sets.
A Practical Decision Procedure for Arithmetic with Function Symbols.
Relations Among Complexity Measures.
Theorem Proving by Covering Expressions.
Two Algorithms for Determining Volumes of Convex Polyhedra.
An Optimal Algorithm for Finding the Kernel of a Polygon.
The Tree-to-Tree Correction Problem.
Significant Improvements to the Hwang-Lin Merging Algorithm.
The Ford-Johnson Sorting Algorithm Is Not Optimal.
Search within a Page.
Some A-Stable and L-Stable Methods for the Numerical Integration of Stiff Ordinary Differential Equations.
Scaling for Numerical Stability in Gaussian Elimination.
Maximal Order and Order of Information for Numerical Quadrature.
Approximation Algorithms for Some Postman Problems.
A Comparison of Multilevel break and next Statements.
An NP-Complete Number-Theoretic Problem.
Combining Dimensionality and Rate of Growth Arguments for Establishing Lower Bounds on the Number of Multiplications and Divisions.
Linear Algorithms for Isomorphism of Maximal Outerplanar Graphs.
A Linear Time Planarity Algorithm for 2-Complexes.
The Effect of a Connectivity Requirement on the Complexity of Maximum Subgraph Problems.
The serializability of concurrent database updates.
Performance Measures for Ordered Lists in Random-Access Files.
Encoding Data Structures in Trees.
Applications of Path Compression on Balanced Trees.
Improved Trailing Digits Estimates Applied to Optimal Computer Arithmetic.
A Transformed implicit Runge-Kutta Method.
Reducibility Among Floating-Point Graphs.
An Evaluation of CPU Efficiency Under Dynamic Quantum Allocation.
A Generalized Queueing Discipline for Product Form Network Solutions.
Flowgraphs and Flow Algebras.
Renamings, Maximal Parallelism, and Space-Time Tradeoff in Program Schemata.
On the Generation of Binary Trees.
A Note on Enumerating Binary Trees.
An optimal routing algorithm for mesh-connected Parallel computers.
Message Waiting Time in a Packet Switching System.
Polling in a Loop System.
Synchronization Problems Solvable by Generalized PV Systems.
Consistency in Hierarchical Database Systems.
External Hashing Schemes for Collections of Data Structures.
Stack Machines and Classes of Nonnested Macro Languages.
A Polynomial Algorithm for the Two-Variable Integer Programming Problem.
Space-Time Trade-Offs in Structured Programming: An Improved Combinatorial Embedding Theorem.
A Scheme for the Automatic Inference of Variable Types.
Efficient Computation of Expressions with Common Subexpressions.
Continuation-Based Program Transformation Strategies.
The Number of Fanout-Free Functions with Various Gates.
Verification Decidability of Presburger Array Programs.
New Algorithms for Bin Packing.
Reaching Agreement in the Presence of Faults.
Equality and Domain Closure in First-Order Databases.
An Algorithm for Inferring Multivalued Dependencies with an Application to Propositional Logic.
Can Any Stationary Iteration Using Linear Information Be Globally Convergent?.
Testing Deadlock-Freedom of Computer Systems.
The Cycle Time Distribution of Exponential Cyclic Queues.
A New Algorithm for Preemptive Scheduling of Trees.
Mean-Value Analysis of Closed Multichain Queuing Networks.
Queuing Network Models with State-Dependent Routing.
On the Correctness of Semantic-Syntax-Directed Translations.
Fast Decision Procedures Based on Congruence Closure.
A Syntactic Theory of Message Passing.
Lower Bounds on Information Transfer in Distributed Computations.
GO Is Polynomial-Space Hard.
Corrigendum: "Control System Model for Critically Timed Success".
Reasoning About Recursively Defined Data Structures.
Codes: Unequal Probabilities, Unequal Letter Cost.
Information Bounds Are Weak in the Shortest Distance Problem.
A Polynomial Solution to the Undirected Two Paths Problem.
Optimal Selection of CPU Speed, Device Capacities, and File Assignments.
A New Approach to the Analysis of Linear Probing Schemes.
Complex Properties of Grammars.
Fixed Point Languages, Equality Languages, and Representation of Recursively Enumerable Languages.
Sharing a Processor Among Many Job Classes.
Flowshop scheduling with limited temporary storage.
Scheduling Independent Tasks with Due Times on a Uniform Processor System.
Augmenting Parsers to Support Incrementality.
Constructing Call-by-Value Continuation Semantics.
A Note on Fuzzy Deduction.
-Metric.
An Algorithm to Enumerate All Cutsets of a Graph in Linear Time per Cutset.
Equivalences Among Relational Expressions with the Union and Difference Operators.
The Sequence Equivalence Problem is Decidable for 0S Systems.
Minimum Covers in Relational Database Model.
Superdeterministic PDAs: A Subcase with a Decidable Inclusion problem.
Fast Probabilistic Algorithms for Verification of Polynomial Identities.
Database Location in Computer Networks.
Solving Two-Commodity Transportation Problems with Coupling Constraints.
Variations on the Common Subexpression Problem.
Operational and Semantic Equivalence Between Recursive Programs.
Confluent Reductions: Abstract Properties and Applications to Term Rewriting Systems: Abstract Properties and Applications to Term Rewriting Systems.
Computations of Bilinear Forms over Finite Fields.
Parallel Prefix Computation.
Improved Bounds on the Problem of Time-Space Trade-Off in the Pebble Game.
An On-Line Edge-Deletion Problem.
Max-Min Tree Partitioning.
Linear Algorithm for Data Compression via String Matching.
Using Semi-Joins to Solve Relational Queries.
On Databases with Incomplete Information.
n-Evaluation Conjecture for Multipoint Iterations for the Solution of Scalar Nonlinear Equations.
Bounds on Schedules for Independent Tasks with Similar Execution Times.
Sequencing Tasks with Exponential Service Times to Minimize the Expected Flow Time or Makespan.
Alternation.
String Matching in Real Time.
A Unified Lower Bound for Selection and Set Partitioning Problems.
New Real-Time Simulations of Multihead Tape Units.
On the Use of Transcendentals for Program Testing.
Theorem Proving via General Matings.
A Decision Procedure for the Correctness of a Class of Programs.
Complete Sets of Reductions for Some Equational Theories.
A Note on Multiple Error Detection in ASCII Numeric Data Communication.
Optimal Design of Linear Storage Hierarchies.
Expected Length of the Longest Probe Sequence in Hash Code Searching.
Summation in Finite Terms.
Measurement Bias in Feedback Queues.
The Distribution of Queuing Network States at Input and Output Instants.
Derivation of Logic Programs.
The Closure Statement: A Programming Language Construct Allowing Ultraconcurrent Execution.
Complexity of Partial Satisfaction.
A Unification Algorithm for Associative-Commutative Functions.
An Equivalence Between Relational Database Dependencies and a Fragment of Propositional Logic.
Optimal Time Minimal Space Selection Algorithms.
On J-maximal and J-minimal Flow-Shop Schedules.
On Optimal Scheduling Algorithms for Time-Shared Systems.
Connected Component Labeling Using Quadtrees.
Probabilistic Aspects of Boolean Switching Functions via a New Transform.
The Area-Time Complexity of Binary Multiplication.
The Complexity of the Equivalence Problem for Simple Programs.
The Complexity of the Finite Containment Problem for Petri Nets.
A Unified Approach to Path Problems.
Fast Algorithms for Solving Path Problems.
Should Tables Be Sorted?
Corrigendum: "Mean-Value Analysis of Closed Multichain Queuing Networks".
On Matrices with Connections.
Deleting Repeated Goals in the Problem Reduction Format.
Algorithmic Analysis of a Multiprogramming-Multiprocessor Computer System.
On the Complexity of Testing Implications of Functional and Join Dependencies.
A Lower Bound on the Complexity of Orthogonal Range Queries.
A Morphic Representation of Complements of Recursively Enumerable Sets.
A Simpler Construction for Showing the Intrinsically Exponential Complexity of the Circularity Problem for Attribute Grammars.
Algorithms for Scheduling Tasks on Unrelated Processors.
Dynamic Programming as Graph Searching: An Algebraic Approach.
An Algorithm for the K Best Solutions of the Resource Allocation Problem.
On the complexity of integer programming.
Deciding Linear Inequalities by Computing Loop Residues.
A Lower Bound to Finding Convex Hulls.
Mechanical Discovery of Classes of Problem-Solving Strategies.
A Sufficient Condition for Backtrack-Free Search.
Nonmonotonic Logic II: Nonmonotonic Modal Theories.
A Shifting Algorithm for Min-Max Tree Partitioning.
Pattern Matching in Trees.
An Almost Linear-Time Algorithm for Computing a Dependency Basis in a Relational Database.
Subset Dependencies and a Completeness Result for a Subclass of Embedded Multivalued Dependencies.
Dense Hierarchies of Grammatical Families.
On the Construction of Feedback Queries.
Term Weighting in Information Retrieval Using the Term Precision Model.
Confluent and Other Types of Thue Systems.
Data Requirements for Implementation of N-Process Mutual Exclusion Using a Single Shared Variable.
On the Theory of Specification, Implementation, and Parametrization of Abstract Data Types.
On the Complexity of Flowchart and Loop Program Schemes and Programming Languages.
The Complexity of Maintaining an Array and Computing Its Partial Sums.
Relativized Questions Involving Probabilistic Algorithms.
Generation and Verification of Finite Models and Counterexamples Using an Automated Theorem Prover Answering Two Open Questions.
The complexity of restricted spanning tree problems.
On Database Logic.
On the Equivalence of Database Models.
Template Dependencies: A Large Class of Dependencies in Relational Databases and Its Complete Axiomatization.
A Complete Axiomatization of Full Join Dependencies.
Useless Actions Make a Difference: Strict Serializability of Database Updates.
A Generalization of Ogden's Lemma.
Upper Bounds for Speedup in Parallel Parsing.
On the Decidability of Grammar Problems.
Determination of the conditional response for quantum allocation algorithms.
Maximum Processing Rates of Memory Bound Systems.
A Finite-Source Queue with Different Customers.
Dynamic Scaling and Growth Behavior of Queuing Network Normalization Constants.
The Performance of Job Classes with Distinct Policy Functions.
An Approach to Program Behavior Modeling and Optimal Memory Control.
Axiomatic Definitions of Programming Languages: A Theoretical Assessment.
The Pattern-of-Calls Expansion Is the Canonical Fixpoint for Recursive Definitions.
The Compilation of Regular Expressions into Integrated Circuits.
Linear-time computability of combinatorial problems on series-parallel graphs.
Parallel permutation and sorting algorithms and a new generalized connection network.
Testing satisfaction of functional dependencies.
Properties of functional-dependency families.
Equivalence of Relational Algebra and Relational Calculus Query Languages Having Aggregate Functions.
A Theory of Safe Locking Policies in Database Systems.
Inference of Reversible Languages.
An Almost-Linear Algorithm for Two-Processor Scheduling.
Critical Path Scheduling with Resource and Processor Constraints.
Preemptive Scheduling with Release Times, Deadlines, and Due Times.
A Note on Product-Form Solution for Queuing Networks with Poisson Arrivals and General Service-Time Distributions with Finite Means.
Contributions to the Theory of Logic Programming.
Two-Way Counter Machines and Diophantine Equations.
Some Exact Complexity Results for Straight-Line Computations over Semirings.
On Parallel Computation for the Knapsack Problem.
Corrigendum: "The Area-Time Complexity of Binary Multiplication".
Distributions of packet delay and interdeparture time in slotted ALOHA and carrier sense multiple access.
Data compression via textual substitution.
Horn clauses and database dependencies.
On the family of generalized dependency constraints.
A theorem in database concurrency control.
On the relationship between LL(1) and LR(1) grammars.
Deadlock avoidance revisited.
Semaphore primitives and starvation-free mutual exclusion.
A universal interconnection pattern for parallel computers.
Asymptotically tight bounds on time-space trade-offs in a pebble game.
Basic digit sets for radix representation.
The Power of Pluralism for Automatic Program Synthesis.
The equivalence problem for some non-real-time deterministic pushdown automata.
Search Algorithms Under Different Kinds of Heuristics-A Comparative Study.
Bidirectional Heuristic Search Again.
A Note on "A Note on Multiple Error Detection in ASCII Numeric Data Communication".
Locking Expressions for Increased Database Concurrency.
Locking Primitives in a Database System.
Implicit Data Structures for the Dictionary Problem.
A Supernormal-Form Theorem for Context-Free Grammars.
Solving Linear Algebraic Equations on an MIMD Computer.
Formulations and Algorithms for the Capacitated Minimal Directed Tree Problem.
Polynomial-Time Aggregation of Integer Programming Problems.
The Time for a Round Trip in a Cycle of Exponential Queues.
The Expressiveness of Simple and Second-Order Type Structures.
Vector Execution of Flow Graphs.
Formal Justification of a Proof System for Communicating Sequential Processes.
Probabilistic Algorithms for Deciding Equivalence of Straight-Line Programs.
Analysis of the Search Performance of Coalesced Hashing.
The Complexity of LALR(k) Testing.
Computable Error Bounds for Aggregated Markov Chains.
A Characterization of Product-Form Queuing Networks.
Decentralized Simulation of Resource Managers.
On Communicating Finite-State Machines.
Abstract Implementations and Their Correctness Proofs.
An Efficient General-Purpose Parallel Computer.
Optimal Search on Some Game Trees.
Three-Dimensional VLSI: A Case Study.
Smallest-Last Ordering and clustering and Graph Coloring Algorithms.
The Relative Neighborhood Graph, with an Application to Minimum Spanning Trees.
Efficiency of Synchronous Versus Asynchronous Distributed Systems.
Instruction Sets for Evaluating Arithmetic Expressions.
On the Desirability of Acyclic Database Schemes.
Degrees of Acyclicity for Hypergraphs and Relational Database Schemes.
Parametric Combinatorial Computing and a Problem of Program Module Distribution.
Robustness of Queuing Network Formulas.
Properties of a Notation for Combining Functions.
Effective Axiomatizations of Hoare Logics.
The Complexity of Solving Polynomial Equations by Quadrature.
On the Simplification and Equivalence Problems for Straight-Line Programs.
Time-Space Trade-offs for Some Algebraic Problems.
The Weak Byzantine Generals Problem.
Refining Nondeterminism in Relativizations of Complexity Classes.
Decision Quality As a Function of Search Depth on Game Trees.
Cost Trade-offs in Graph Embeddings, with Applications.
Improving the Performance Guarantee for Approximate Graph Coloring.
Design of Minimum-Cost Deadlock-Free Systems.
Graph Algorithms for Functional Dependency Manipulation.
Syntactic Characterization of Tree Database Schemas.
Locking Protocols: From Exclusive to Shared Locks.
Analysis of Uniform Hashing.
An Iteration Theorem for Simple Precedence Languages.
The Proof of a Folk Theorem on Queuing Delay with Applications to Routing in Networks.
Applying Parallel Computation Algorithms in the Design of Serial Algorithms.
Deciding Combinations of Theories.
Bounding Fan-out in Logical Networks.
Some Hamilton Paths and a Minimal Change Algorithm.
On the Structure of Armstrong Relations for Functional Dependencies.
On compiling queries in recursive first-order databases.
Optimal Flow Control of an M/M/m Queue.
A Fast Algorithm for the Two-Variable Integer Programming Problem.
Linear Programming in Linear Time When the Dimension Is Fixed.
The Product Form for Sojourn Time Distributions in Cyclic Exponential Queues.
Priority Queues with Feedback.
Information Transfer in Distributed Computing with Applications to VLSI.
Random Trees and the Analysis of Branch and Bound Procedures.
Complexity Results for Permuting Data and Other Computations on Parallel Processors.
Finitely Specifiable Implicational Dependency Families.
Serializability by Locking.
Worst-case Analysis of Set Union Algorithms.
The omega-Sequence Problem for DOL Systems Is Decidable.
Terminating Turing Machine Computations and the Complexity and/or decidability of Correspondence Problems, Grammars, and Program Schemes.
Beyond Floating Point.
Lower Bounds and Fast Algorithms for Sequence Acceleration.
The Three-Machine No-Wait Flow Shop is NP-Complete.
Asymptotic Expansions and Integral Representations of Moments of Queue Lengths in Closed Markovian Networks.
) Time.
The VLSI Complexity of Selected Graph Problems.
On the complexity of unique solutions.
Symmetric Complementation.
Space-Time Trade-Offs for Banded Matrix Problems.
A Mechanical Proof of the Unsolvability of the Halting Problem.
Solving NP-Hard Problems on Graphs That Are Almost Trees and an Application to Facility Location Problems.
An End-to-End Approach to the Resequencing Problem.
Synthesis of a Class of Deadlock-Free Petri Nets.
Efficient Schemes for Parallel Communication.
The Format Model: A Theory of database Organization.
Storing a Sparse Table with 0(1) Worst Case Access Time.
On the Optimal Solution of Large Linear Systems.
A Theory of Communicating Sequential Processes.
A Formal Method for the Abstract Specification of Software.
Analysis of Interleaved Storage Via a Constant-Service Queuing System with Markov-Chain-Driven Input.
Graph Problems on a Mesh-Connected Processor Array.
A Polynomial Linear Search Algorithm for the n-Dimensional Knapsack Problem.
Depth-First Search and Kuratowski Subgraphs.
Configuration of VLSI Arrays in the Presence of Defects.
A Proof Procedure for Data Dependencies.
Updates of Relational Views.
Incomplete Information in Relational Databases.
Optimal Asynchronous Newton Method for the Solution of Nonlinear Equations.
Bounds for the Positive Eigenvectors of Nonnegative Matrices and for their Approximations by Decomposition.
Optimum Head Separation in a Disk System with Two Read/Write Heads.
Numerical Computation of Sojourn-Time Distributions in Queuing Networks.
Probabilistic Models of Database Locking: Solutions, Computational Algorithms, and Asymptotics.
Algebraic Structures with Hard Equivalence and Minimization Problems.
Lower Bounds for Distributed Maximum-Finding Algorithms.
Three Approaches to Heuristic Search in Networks.
AND/OR Graph Heuristic Search Methods.
Synchronizing Clocks in the Presence of Faults.
Disaggregations in Databases.
Memory-Constrained Task Scheduling on a Network of Dual Processors.
Approximation Schemes for Covering and Packing Problems in Image Processing and VLSI.
Algebraic Laws for Nondeterminism and Concurrency.
).
Bounds on Information Exchange for Byzantine Agreement.
Hard-Core Theorems for Complexity Classes.
A Tight Bound for Black and White Pebbles on the Pyramid.
Solving Low-Density Subset Sum Problems.
Soundness and Completeness of a Synthesis Algorithm Based on Example Computations.
On the Efficiency of Subsumption Algorithms.
Feedback Vertex Sets and Cyclically Reducible Graphs.
Beyond Two-Phase Locking.
Algorithms for Resolving Conflicts in Dynamic Storage Allocation.
Parallel Algorithms for Data Compression.
Impossibility of Distributed Consensus with One Faulty Process.
The Traveling Salesman Problem in Graphs with 3-Edge Cutsets.
A Fixpoint Semantics for Nondeterministic Data Flow.
Optimal Static Load Balancing in Distributed Computer Systems.
Decidable Problems for Powerful Programs.
A Complexity Theory Based on Boolean Algebra.
Generalized Best-First Search Strategies and the Optimality of A*.
Enumeration of Structured Flowcharts.
Optimal Attach and Reinforcement of a Network.
A Simple On-Line Bin-Packing Algorithm.
A Model of Computation for VLSI with Related Complexity Results.
A Lower Bound on the Time Needed in the Worst Case to Resolve Conflicts Deterministically in Multiple Access Channels.
Adding Range Restriction Capability to Dynamic Data Structures.
A Mean Value Performance Model for Locking in Databases: The No-Waiting Case.
Self-Adjusting Binary Search Trees.
Uniform Hashing Is Optimal.
Generating Binary Trees Using Rotations.
Iterative Aggregation/Disaggregation Techniques for Nearly Uncoupled Markov Chains.
The Complexity of Problems on Probabilistic Nondeterministic, and Alternating Decision Trees.
The Complexity of Propositional Linear Temporal Logics.
 (
A Sufficient Condition for Backtrack-Bounded Search.
A Fast Parallel Algorithm for the Maximal Independent Set Problem.
Closures of Database Hypergraphs.
Complexity of Network Synchronization.
Asynchronous Consensus and Broadcast Protocols.
How to Assign Votes in a Distributed System.
On Ordered Languages and the Optimization of Linear Functions by Greedy Algorithms.
A Simplex Algorithm Whose Average Number of Steps Is Bounded between Two Quadratic Functions of the Smaller Dimension.
Acceptance Trees.
Lower Bounds for Solving Linear Diophantine Equations on Random Access Machines.
Applications of Ramsey's Theorem to Decision Tree Complexity.
A Polynomial Algorithm for the Min-Cut Linear Arrangement of Trees.
Special relations in automated deduction.
Routing through a rectangle.
An application of number theory to the organization of raster-graphics memory.
Notions of dependency satisfaction.
A chaotic asynchronous algorithm for computing the fixed point of a nonnegative matrix of unit spectral radius.
"Sometimes" and "Not Never" revisited: on branching versus linear time temporal logic.
Bound hierarchies for multiple-class queuing networks.
 servers in a loop.
Effective transformations on infinite trees, with applications to high undecidability, dominoes, and fairness.
Equality-based binary resolution.
Partitioning a polygonal region into trapezoids.
The mutual exclusion problem: part I - a theory of interprocess communication.
The mutual exclusion problem: partII - statement and solutions.
A sound and sometimes complete query evaluation algorithm for relational databases with null values.
Partial match retrieval of multidimensional data.
Tuple sequences and lexicographic indexes.
Elimination of intersection anomalies from database schemes.
Security problems on inference control for SUM, MAX, and MIN queries.
Sort sets in the relational model.
A note on the height of binary search trees.
Reaching approximate agreement in the presence of faults.
Predicting fill for sparse orthogonal factorization.
A unified approach to approximation algorithms for bottleneck problems.
Improved methods for storing and updating information in the out-of-kilter algorithm.
Asymptotic expansions for closed Markovian networks with state-dependent service rates.
The performance of a precedence-based queuing discipline.
The polynomial-time hierarchy and sparse oracles.
Relativizing complexity classes with sparse oracles.
Subproblem finder and instance checker, two cooperating modules for theorem provers.
The combinatorics of local constraints in model-based recognition and localization from sparse data.
On driving many long wires in a VLSI layout.
Approximating grammar probabilities: solution of a conjecture.
Initializing generalized feedback shift register pseudorandom number generators.
Complexity of parallel QR factorization.
Countable nondeterminism and random assignment.
RECAL - a new efficient algorithm for the exact analysis of multiple-chain closed queuing networks.
How to construct random functions.
Polynomial-time algorithm for the orbit problem.
 (
Intersection of convex objects in two and three dimensions.
Dynamic functional dependencies and database aging.
A logarithmic time sort for linear size networks.
On the minimal synchronism needed for distributed consensus.
Electing a leader in a synchronous ring.
How to share memory in a distributed system.
On the Church-Rosser property for the direct sum of term rewriting systems.
Using dual approximation algorithms for scheduling problems theoretical and practical results.
Simultaneous WRITES of parallel random access machines do not help to compute simple arithmetic functions.
Analysis of a composite performance reliability measure for fault-tolerant systems.
Slowing down sorting networks to obtain faster sorting algorithms.
Hard examples for resolution.
Inference with path resolution and semantic graphs.
Recognizing planar perfect graphs.
Estimating the multiplicities of conflicts to speed their resolution in multiple access channels.
Optimal reconfiguration strategy for a degradable multimodule computing system.
Answering queries on embedded-complete database schemes.
Associative table lookup processing for multioperand residue arithmetic.
Linear probing with a nonuniform address distribution.
A model for distributed systems based on graph rewriting.
Concurrent dynamic logic.
Minimal degrees for polynomial reducibilities.
Decidability of the purely existential fragment of the theory of term algebras.
An O(n³log n) deterministic and an O(n³) Las Vegs isomorphism test for trivalent graphs.
An efficient algorithm for the "optimal" stable marriage.
A theory of intersection anomalies in relational database schemes.
Complete inverted files for efficient text retrieval and analysis.
Fibonacci heaps and their uses in improved network optimization algorithms.
New applications of failure functions.
Optimal clock synchronization.
Systems of linear equations with dense univariate polynomial coefficients.
Stochastic catastrophe theory in computer performance modeling.
Infinitesimal perturbation analysis for general discrete event systems.
The existence and density of generalized complexity cores.
The equivalence problem for real-time DPDAs.
Convexity algorithms in parallel coordinates.
Randomized parallel communications on an extension of the omega network.
Design and analysis of dynamic Huffman codes.
Multidimensional search trees that provide new types of memory reductions.
A weighted voting algorithm for replicated directories.
An O(log n) expected rounds randomized byzantine generals protocol.
Lower bounds on communication complexity in distributed computer networks.
On the discrepancy of GFSR pseudorandom numbers.
Parallel algorithms for minimum cuts and maximum flows in planar networks.
A linear time algorithm for residue computation and a fast algorithm for division with a sparse divisor.
Asymptotic expansions of the sojourn time distribution functions of jobs in closed, product-form queuing networks.
Monotone versus positive.
Correction to "An equivalence between relational database dependencies and a fragment of propositional logic".
Many-sorted unification.
The complexity of searching a graph.
Optimal design and use of retry in fault-tolerant computer systems.
Equivalence and optimization of relational transactions.
A theory of reliability in database systems.
On conjunctive queries containing inequalities.
External hashing with limited internal storage.
Automating program analysis.
A vertex-allocation theorem for resources in queuing networks.
Greatest common divisors of polynomials given by straight-line programs.
On the shortest paths between two convex polyhedra.
Consensus in the presence of partial synchrony.
Church-Rosser Thue systems and formal languages.
Efficient tests for top-down termination of logical rules.
An O(n²(m + n log n)log n) min-cost flow algorithm.
The time complexity of maximum matching by simulated annealing.
The schematic protection model: its definition and analysis for acyclic attenuating schemes.
Optimal directory placement on disk storage devices.
Comparing the combinational complexities of arithmetic functions.
On the complexity of branching programs and decision trees for clique functions.
A mechanical proof of the Church-Rosser theorem.
Finding a maximum-genus graph imbedding.
The coloring and maximum independent set problems on planar perfect graphs.
Some distributions that allow perfect packing.
Stability of binary exponential backoff.
The physical mapping problem for parallel architectures.
Optimal simulations between mesh-connected arrays of processors.
The parallel complexity of exponentiating polynomials over finite fields.
Busy periods for subnetworks in stochastic networks: mean value analysis.
The reduction of perturbed Markov generators: an algorithm exposing the role of transient states.
On the power of one-way communication.
Nonconstructive tools for proving polynomial-time decidability.
Fast algorithms for N-dimensional restrictions of hard problems.
A nonlinear lower bound for random-access machines under logarithmic cost.
Many Hard Examples for Resolution.
A new class of heuristic algorithms for weighted perfect matching.
Optimal VLSI circuits for sorting.
A linear time algorithm for optimal routing around a rectangle.
Optimal scheduling policies for a class of queues with customer deadlines to the beginning of service.
Computing on an anonymous ring.
Parallel hashing: an efficient implementation of shared memory.
Eliminating go to's while preserving program structure.
A new approach to the maximum-flow problem.
.
Meager and replete failures of relative completeness.
Computational limitations on learning from examples.
Counting is easy.
 (
Incremental modular decomposition.
A unified framework for race analysis of asynchronous networks.
Maintaining state constraints in relational databases: a proof theoretic basis.
Minimizing function-free recursive inference rules.
A counter-example for "A simpler construction for showing the intrinsically exponential complexity of the circularity problem for attribute grammars".
A common schema for dynamic programming and branch and bound algorithms.
Inferring sequences produced by pseudo-random number generators.
A note on probabilistically verifying integer and polynomial products.
Multiplicative complexity of polynomial multiplication over finite fields.
Calculating availability and performability measures of repairable computer systems using randomization.
Calculating joint queue-length distributions in product-form queuing networks.
Rasterizing curves of constant width.
A model for concurrency in nested transactions systems.
Average case selection.
On the path length of binary trees.
Optimum combinations of sorting and merging.
Efficient dispersal of information for security, load balancing, and fault tolerance.
A generalized algorithm for centrality problems on trees.
Size-time complexity of Boolean networks for prefix computations.
Probabilistic inductive inference.
Recognizing circle graphs in polynomial time.
Hierarchical planarity testing algorithms.
A trade-off between space and efficiency for routing tables.
Invariance of complexity measures for networks with unreliable gates.
Efficient implementation of graph algorithms using contraction.
Optimum lopsided binary trees.
Simple constant-time consensus protocols in realistic failure models.
Acyclic fork-join queuing networks.
Optimal bounds for decision problems on the CRCW PRAM.
New lower bounds for parallel computation.
Using temporal hierarchies to efficiently maintain large temporal databases.
Spacefilling curves and the planar travelling salesman problem.
The periodic balanced sorting network.
A transaction-based approach to relational database specification.
A uniform approach toward handling atomic and structured information in the nested relational database model.
On the design of some systolic algorithms.
Passes, sweeps, and visits in attribute grammars.
The conjecture of Fliess on commutative context-free languages.
Finding minimum-cost circulations by canceling negative cycles.
Distributed bisimulations.
P-uniform circuit complexity.
Learnability and the Vapnik-Chervonenkis dimension.
Some Computational Aspects of Circumscription.
Polynomial-Time Implication Problems for Unary Inclusion Dependencies.
Minimal and Complete Word Unification.
Completeness of Rewrite Rules and Rewrite Strategies for FP.
Asymptotic Expansions for Large Closed Queuing Networks.
Nondeterministic Polynomial-Time Computations and Models of Arithmetic.
Cost-Error Relationships in A* Tree-Searching.
Lower Bounds for Orthogonal Range Searching: I. The Reporting Case.
Faster Algorithms for the Shortest Path Problem.
The Cost Distribution of Clustering in Random Probing.
A Trade-Off between Information and Communication in Broadcast Protocols.
Concurrency and Availability as Dual Properties of Replicated Atomic Data.
Nonclausal Deduction in First-Order Temporal Logic.
The Maximum Concurrent Flow Problem.
Module Algebra.
On the Execution of Parallel Programs on Multiprocessor Systems-A Queuing Theory Approach.
Separating and Collapsing Results on the Relativized Probabilistic Polynomial-Time Hierarchy.
Lower Bounds for Orthogonal Range Searching II. The Arithmetic Model.
A Fast Algorithm for Optimal Length-Limited Huffman Codes.
On the Equivalence of an Egd to a Set of Fd's.
Analysis of Database Performance with Dynamic Locking.
Renaming in an Asynchronous Environment.
Knowledge and Common Knowledge in a Distributed Environment.
Parallel Asynchronous Algorithms for Discrete Data.
Shortest-Path and Minimum-Delay Algorithms in Networks with Time-Dependent Edge-Length.
An Efficient and Fast Parallel-Connected Component Algorithm.
Approximate Mean Value Analysis Algorithms for Queuing Networks: Existence, Uniqueness, and Convergence Results.
Nondeterministic Linear-Time Tasks May Require Substantially Nonlinear Deterministic Time in the Case of Sublinear Work Space.
Patricia Tries Again Revisited.
A Correction of the Termination Conditions of the Henschen-Naqvi Technique.
Early Stopping in Byzantine Agreement.
Unification in Primal Algebras, Their Powers and Their Varieties.
Higher-Order Horn Clauses.
Decision Tree Reduction.
Convex Separable Optimization Is Not Much Harder than Linear Optimization.
The Representation of Multistage Interconnection Networks in Queuing Models of Parallel Systems.
A Random Polynomial Time Algorithm for Approximating the Volume of Convex Bodies.
The Weighted Region Problem: Finding Shortest Paths Through a Weighted Planar Subdivision.
A Fast Planar Partition Algorithm, II.
Optimal Sample Cost Residues for Differential Database Batch Query Problems.
Evaluation of Queries in Independent Database Schemes.
Planar Graph Decomposition and All Pairs Shortest Paths.
Extended Horn Sets In Propositional Logic.
Upper and Lower Bounds on Switching Energy in VLSI.
Modularity of Cycles and Paths in Graphs.
Maintenance of Geometric Extrema.
A Methodology for Hardware Verification Based on Logic Simulation.
Towards an Algebraic Theory of Recursion.
A Model-Theoretic Analysis of Knowledge.
On Stability and Performance of Parallel Processing Systems.
A Lower Bound for Integer Greatest Common Divisor Computations.
Space-Bounded Probabilistic Game Automata.
Efficient Simulation of Finite Automata by Neural Nets.
 (
An Optimal Parallel Algorithm for the Visibility of a Simple Polygon from a Point.
Abstraction in Query Processing.
Proving Refutational Completeness of Theorem-Proving Strategies: The Transfinite Semantic Tree Method.
Autoepistemic Logic.
The Well-Founded Semantics for General Logic Programs.
Two-Way String Matching.
Optimal Load Balancing and Scheduling in a Distributed Computer System.
Proofs that Yield Nothing But Their Validity for All Languages in NP Have Zero-Knowledge Proof Systems.
Stability and Stabilizability of Discrete Event Dynamic Systems.
Complexity Classes Defined by Counting Quantifiers.
Multiobjective A*.
Faster Scaling Algorithms for General Graph-Matching Problems.
Independence-Reducible Database Schemes.
Floyd-Hoare Logic in Iteration Theories.
A Propositional Modal Logic of Time Intervals.
Nonmonotonic Default Modal Logics.
A Parallel Shortest Augmenting Path Algorithm for the Assignment Problem.
Structural Conditions for Perturbation Analysis of Queuing Systems.
Simulating (log c n)-Wise Independence in NC.
An Optimal Algorithm for Intersecting Line Segments in the Plane.
An O(log(N)) Deterministic Packet-Routing Scheme.
Syntactical Characterization of a Subset of Domain-Independent Formulas.
Institutions: Abstract Model Theory for Specification and Programming.
Termination, Deadlock, and Divergence.
Single-Class Bounds of Multi-Class Queuing Networks.
How to Sign Given Any Trapdoor Permutation.
Lower Bounds for the Low Hierarchy.
A General Approach to Connected-Component Labelling for Arbitrary Image Representations.
An Analysis of the Longest Match and the Greedy Heuristics in Text Encoding.
Nonlinear Pattern Matching in Trees.
The Generation of Binary Trees as a Numerical Problem.
What Can Machines Know? On the Properties of Knowledge in Distributed Systems.
Theorem Proving Using Equational Matings and Rigid E-Unification.
A Four Russians Algorithm for Regular Expression Pattern Matching.
A Little Knowledge Goes a Long Way: Knowledge-Based Derivations and Correctness Proofs for a Family of Protocols.
The Pagenumber of Genus g Graphs is O(g).
An Efficient Algorithm for a Task Allocation Problem.
Sparse Dynamic Programming I: Linear Cost Functions.
Sparse Dynamic Programming II: Convex and Concave Cost Functions.
How Fair is Fair Queuing?
The Membership Problem in Aperiodic Transformation Monoids.
On Pointers versus Addresses.
Learning via Queries.
Reasoning about Systems with Many Processes.
Monotone Circuits for Matching Require Linear Depth.
An Optimal On-Line Algorithm for Metrical Task System.
Nonoblivious Hashing.
The Intractability of Bounded Protocols for On-Line Sequence Transmission over Non-FIFO Channels.
Finite State Verifiers I: The Power of Interaction.
Finite State Verifiers II: Zero Knowledge.
Algebraic Methods for Interactive Proof Systems.
IP = PSPACE.
IP = PSPACE: Simplified Proof.
On the Correctness of Orphan Management Algorithms.
A VLSI Decomposition of the deBruijn Graph.
Efficient Dataflow Analysis of Logic Programs.
 (
An Algorithm for Finding Canonical Sets of Ground Rewrite Rules in Polynomial Time.
Perfectly Secure Message Transmission.
Generating Automatically Tuned Bitmaps from Outlines.
The Minimum Consistent DFA Problem Cannot be Approximated within any Polynomial.
A Framework for Defining Logics.
Learning Read-Once Formulas with Queries.
On the Complexity of Functions for Random Access Machines.
Recontamination Does Not Help to Search a Graph.
Taxonomic Syntax for First Order Inference.
Automatic Recognition of Tractability in Inference Relations.
The Cost of Conservative Synchronization in Parallel Discrete Event Simulations.
Simulating Synchronized Clocks and Common Knowledge in Distributed Systems.
Efficient Decision Procedures for Graph Properties on Centext-Free Graph Languages.
An Execution/Sleep Scheduling Policy for Serving an Additional Job in Priority Queueing Systems.
Random Walks on Weighted Graphs and Applications to On-line Algorithms.
Randomized Algorithms and Pseudorandom Numbers.
Unification in Commutative Theories, Hilbert's Basis Theorem, and Gröbner Bases.
Dissolution: Making Paths Vanish.
Factorization and Circuit in the Connection Method.
Z-Module Reasoning: An Equality-Oriented Proving Method with Built-in Ring Axioms.
Constant Depth Circuits, Fourier Transform, and Learnability.
Dynamic Interpolation Search.
Union-Copy Structures and Dynamic Segment Trees.
Decidability of Bisimulation Equivalence for Processes Generating Context-Free Languages.
Undecidable Optimization Problems for Database Logic Programs.
A Performance Evaluation of Several Priority Policies for Parallel Processing Systems.
Taking Random Walks to Grow Trees in Hypercubes.
Randomized Parallel Algorithms for Backtrack Search and Branch-and-Bound Computation.
Strongly Polynomial-Time and NC Algorithms for Detecting Cycles in Periodic Graphs.
On the Analytical Modeling of Database Concurrency Control.
Atomic Snapshots of Shared Memory.
The Parallel Complexity of Simple Logic Programs.
Knowledge, Probability, and Adversaries.
Modal Nonmonotonic Logics: Ranges, Characterization, Computation.
Proof of the 4/3 Conjecture for Preemptive vs. Nonpreemptive Two-Processor Scheduling.
On the Communication Complexity of Distributed Algebraic Computation.
Kinodynamic Motion Planning.
On the Optimality of Strategies for Multiple Joins.
The Impossibility of Implementing Reliable Communication in the Face of Crashes.
Complexity and Algorithms for Reasoning about Time: A Graph-Theoretic Approach.
An Algebraic Theory of Graph Reduction.
Dynamic Programming and the Graphical Traveling Salesman Problem.
Parallel Queues with Resequencing.
Extremal Scheduling of Parallel Processing with and without Real-Time Constraints.
On the Sojourn Time Distribution in a Finite Capacity Processor Shared Queue.
Fishspear: A Priority Queue Algorithm.
Efficient Computation of Fourier Inversion for Finite Groups.
Cryptographic Limitations on Learning Boolean Formulae and Finite Automata.
Instance Complexity.
Bounds on the Time to Reach Agreement in the Presence of Timing Uncertainty.
Approximation Algorithms for NP-Complete Problems on Planar Graphs.
A Really Temporal Logic.
Faster Tree Pattern Matching.
Biconnectivity Approximations and Graph Carvings.
Equational Inference, Canonical Proofs, and Proof Orderings.
Tight Lower Bounds for Probabilistic Solitude Verification on Anonymous Rings.
The Elusive Atomic Register.
Reasoning About Knowledge and Probability.
An Analysis of ML Typability.
Optimal Algorithms for Parallel Givens Factorization on a Coarse-Grained PRAM.
Parallel Linear Programming in Fixed Dimension Almost Surely in Constant Time.
On Binary Constraint Problems.
New Approximation Algorithms for Graph Coloring.
On the Power of Bounded Concurrency I: Finite Automata.
On the Power of Bounded Concurrency II: Pushdown Automata.
Diversity-Based Inference of Finite Automata.
On Solving Equations and Disequations.
Linear Approximation of Shortest Superstrings.
Efficient Decomposition Methods for the Analysis of Multi-Facility Blocking Models.
Computing Bounds on Steady State Availability of Repairable Computer Systems.
The Relationship between Greedy Parsing and Symbolwise Text Compression.
Are Wait-Free Algorithms Fast?
Motion Planning in the Presence of Moving Obstacles.
Channel Routing of Multiterminal Nets.
Circumscription with Homomorphisms: Solving the Equality and Counterexample Problems.
The Turn Model for Adaptive Routing.
Equivalence, Reversibility, Symmetry and Concavity Properties in Fork-Join Queueing Networks with Blocking.
Fully Persistent Lists with Catenation.
On the Hardness of Approximating Minimization Problems.
Shortest Paths in the Plane with Polygonal Obstacles.
A Single-Exponential Upper Bound for Finding Shortest Paths in Three Dimensions.
Counting Networks.
Parallel Algorithms for Evaluating Sequences of Set-Manipulation Operations.
Robust Sharing of Secrets When the Dealer is Honest or Cheating.
Monte Carlo Summation and Integration Applied to Multiclass Queuing Networks.
Probabilistic Recurrence Relations.
How to Forget the Past Without Repeating It.
Mixed Integer Programming Methods for Computing Nonmonotonic Deductive Databases.
Modular Stratification and Magic Sets for Datalog Programs with Negation.
Reliable Communication Over Unreliable Channels.
Learning Boolean Formulas.
Average-Case Analysis of Algorithms for Matchings and Related Problems.
The Complexity of Logic-Based Abduction.
Reasoning about Temporal Relations: A Maximal Tractable Subclass of Allen's Interval Algebra.
A Decomposition of Multidimensional Point Sets with Applications to k-Nearest-Neighbors and n-Body Potential Fields.
Planar-Adaptive Routing: Low-Cost Adaptive Networks for Multiprocessors.
Sharing Memory Robustly in Message-Passing Systems.
Dynamic Fault-Tolerant Clock Synchronization.
Constructing 1-Writer Multireader Multivalued Atomic Variable from Regular Variables.
Bounds on the Speedup and Efficiency of Partial Synchronization in Parallel Processing Systems.
Bisimulation Can't be Traced.
Designing Programs that Check Their Work.
Provably Correct Theories of Action.
A Randomized Linear-Time Algorithm to Find Minimum Spanning Trees.
Decomposition of Magic Rewriting.
On the Average Communication Complexity of Asynchronous Distributed Algorithms.
The Isomorphism Conjecture Fails Relative to a Random Oracle.
NP Trees and Carnap's Modal Logic.
Three Logics for Branching Bisimulation.
Las Vegas Algorithms for Linear and Integer Programming when the Dimension is Small.
Nearly Optimal Algorithms and Bounds for Multilayer Channel Routing.
On the Minimality and Decomposability of Row-Convex Constraint Networks.
Expected Deadlock Time in a Multiprocessing System.
On the Existence of Equilibria in Noncooperative Optimal Flow Control.
Deterministic On-Line Routing on Area-Universal Networks.
An Optimal Service Policy for Buffer Systems.
Parametricity and Local Variables.
Translating Default Logic into Standard Autoepistemic Logic.
Logical Foundations of Object-Oriented and Frame-Based Languages.
Color-Coding.
The Complexity of Probabilistic Verification.
A Constant-Time Optimal Parallel String-Matching Algorithm.
Greed Sort: Optimal Deterministic Sorting on Parallel Disks.
Calculating Normalization Constants of Closed Queueing Networks by Numerically Inverting Their Generating Functions.
On the k-Server Conjecture.
A Theory of Using History for Equational Systems with Applications.
Online Tracking of Mobile Users.
Recoverable Sequence Transmission Protocols.
Eigenvalues and Expansion of Regular Graphs.
A Class of Logic Problems Solvable by Linear Programming.
Improved Approximation Algorithms for Maximum Cut and Satisfiability Problems Using Semidefinite Programming.
On the Impact of Forgetting on Learning Machines.
Subquadratic Zero-Knowledge.
Equational Specifications, Complete Term Rewriting Systems, and Computable and Semicomputable Algebras.
Computing With Faulty Shared Objects.
Termination for Direct Sums of Left-Linear Complete Term Rewriting Systems.
Local Management of a Global Resource in a Communication Network.
Tabled Evaluation With Delaying for General Logic Programs.
A Comprehensive Study of the Complexity of Multiparty Interaction.
The Benefits of Relaxing Punctuality.
The Asymptotic Complexity of Merging Networks.
Automated Proofs of Object Code for a Widely Used Microprocessor.
Knowledge Compilation and Theory Approximation.
Unreliable Failure Detectors for Reliable Distributed Systems.
Interactive Proofs and the Hardness of Approximating Cliques.
Optimal Emulations by Butterfly-Like Networks.
Sorting on a Parallel Pointer Machine with Applications to Set Expression Evaluation.
Confluence Properties of Weak and Strong Calculi of Explicit Substitutions.
On Linear Potential Functions for Approximating Bayesian Computations.
Software Protection and Simulation on Oblivious RAMs.
Foundations of Multimedia Database Systems.
Linear-Time Suffix Parsing for Deterministic Languages.
Branching Time and Abstraction in Bisimulation Semantics.
A New Approach to the Minimum Cut Problem.
Bounding Errors Introduced by Clustering of Customers in Closed Product-Form Queueing Networks.
Complexity of Makanin's Algorithm.
The Weakest Failure Detector for Solving Consensus.
How to Share Concurrent Wait-Free Variables.
On the Fourier Spectrum of Monotone Functions.
Optimal Prefetching via Data Compression.
A Combinatorial Treatment of Balancing Networks.
How Many Queries Are Needed to Learn?
The Meaning of Negative Premises in Transition System Specifications.
Fast Text Searching for Regular Expressions or Automaton Searching on Tries.
Constructing Deterministic Finite-State Automata in Recurrent Neural Networks.
Efficient Routing in Optical Networks.
On the Combinatorial and Algebraic Complexity of Quantifier Elimination.
An Analysis of Magic Sets and Related Optimization Strategies for Logic Queries.
Separators for sphere-packings and nearest neighbor graphs.
Fixpoint logics, relational machines, and computational complexity.
Avoiding Cartesian products for multiple joins.
The maintenance of common data in a distributed system.
Work-preserving emulations of fixed-connection networks.
Optimizing two-phase, level-clocked circuitry.
Semiring-based constraint satisfaction and optimization.
Two heads are better than two tapes.
Dynamic word problems.
On the completeness of object-creating database transformation languages.
Decomposition of tautologies into regular formulas and strong completeness of connection-graph resolution.
Evaluating uniform expressions within two steps of minimum parallel time.
On becoming editor-in-chief of JACM.
Exponential bounds with applications to call admission.
Mesh refinement via bidirected flows: modeling, complexity, and computational results.
How to use expert advice.
On-line routing of virtual circuits with applications to load balancing and machine scheduling.
On the power and limitations of strictness analysis.
Closure properties of constraints.
Constraint tightness and looseness versus local and global consistency.
Approximating shortest paths on a convex polytope in three dimensions.
A simple min-cut algorithm.
Robust wait-free hierarchies.
Scale-sensitive dimensions, uniform convergence, and learnability.
Erratum: "Two heads are better that two tapes".
Applications of a logic of knowledge to motion planning under uncertainty.
Sparsification - a technique for speeding up dynamic graph algorithms.
Learning to reason.
How much can hardware help routing?
Time-work tradeoffs for parallel algorithms.
Contention in shared memory algorithms.
Exact analysis of Dodgson elections: Lewis Carroll's 1876 voting system is complete for parallel access to NP.
Software reliability via run-time result-checking.
Compositional refinement of interactive systems.
Relational Expressive Power of Constraint Query Languages.
Implementing Sequentially Consistent Shared Objects using Broadcast and Point-to-Point Communication.
Probabilistic Checking of Proofs: A New Characterization of NP.
Explicit OR-Dispersers with Polylogarithmic Degree.
Theory of Neuromata.
A New General Derandomization Method.
How to Learn an Unknown Environment I: The Rectilinear Case.
Approximate Graph Coloring by Semidefinite Programming.
.
Randomized Binary Search Trees.
On Contention Resolution Protocols and Associated Probabilistic Phenomena.
Time to Publication: A Progress Report.
Efficient Descriptor-Vector Multiplications in Stochastic Automata Networks.
Lower Bounds for Distributed Coin-Flipping and Randomized Consensus.
Fault-Tolerant Wait-Free Shared Objects.
Proof Verification and the Hardness of Approximation Problems.
Formal Verification of Complex Coherence Protocols Using Symbolic State Models.
On the Decidability and Axiomatization of Query Finiteness in Deductive Databases.
 for Approximating Set Cover.
Property Testing and its Connection to Learning and Approximation.
Polynomial Time Approximation Schemes for Euclidean Traveling Salesman and other Geometric Problems.
Beyond the Flow Decomposition Barrier.
Object Identity as a Query Language Primitive.
On the Space Complexity of Randomized Synchronization.
Noise-Tolerant Distribution-Free Learning of General Geometric Concepts.
An Optimal Algorithm for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Searching Fixed Dimensions.
Electrostatic Fields Without Singularities: Theory, Algorithms and Error Analysis.
Private Information Retrieval.
Efficient Noise-Tolerant Learning from Statistical Queries.
Ordered Chaining Calculi for First-Order Theories of Transitive Relations.
On Parallel Evaluation of Game Trees.
Transforming Cabbage into Turnip: Polynomial Algorithm for Sorting Signed Permutations by Reversals.
Fully Dynamic Planarity Testing with Applications.
 Page Replacement Algorithm.
Complexity Estimates Depending on Condition and Round-Off Error.
The Computational Complexity of Knot and Link Problems.
Reconstructing a Three-Dimensional Model with Arbitrary Errors.
The String B-tree: A New Data Structure for String Search in External Memory and Its Applications.
Provably Efficient Scheduling for Languages with Fine-Grained Parallelism.
Some Contributions to the Metatheory of the Situation Calculus.
Undirected Single-Source Shortest Paths with Positive Integer Weights in Linear Time.
A Fast Bit-Vector Algorithm for Approximate String Matching Based on Dynamic Programming.
Generation of Universal Series-Parallel Boolean Functions.
Efficient Algorithms for Inverting Evolution.
Primality Testing Using Elliptic Curves.
On the Efficiency of Pairing Heaps and Related Data Structures.
Randomized Fully Dynamic Graph Algorithms with Polylogarithmic Time per Operation.
Mutual Search.
New Results on Quantifier Elimination over Real Closed Fields and Applications to Constraint Databases.
Finding Circular Attributes in Attribute Grammars.
Authoritative Sources in a Hyperlinked Environment.
Linear Hash Functions.
Sample-Efficient Strategies for Learning in the Presence of Noise.
Scheduling Multithreaded Computations by Work Stealing.
Multicommodity max-flow min-cut theorems and their use in designing approximation algorithms.
Analysis of a bounding box heuristic for object intersection.
The topological structure of asynchronous computability.
Approximation in stochastic scheduling: the power of LP-based priority policies.
-server algorithm is competitive.
Parallel RAMs with owned global memory and deterministic context-free language recognition.
Minimum cuts in near-linear time.
Existential second-order logic over strings.
Polylog-time and near-linear work approximation scheme for undirected shortest paths.
From Algol to polymorphic linear lambda-calculus.
Eavesdropping games: a graph-theoretic approach to privacy in distributed systems.
The fault span of crash failures.
) connectivity in undirected graphs.
An automata-theoretic approach to branching-time model checking.
Making abstract interpretations complete.
A subdivision-based algorithm for the sparse resultant.
An axiomatic treatment of three qualitative decision criteria.
The expressibility of languages and relations by word equations.
Learning functions represented as multiplicity automata.
Behavioral equivalence in the polymorphic pi-calculus.
Divide-and-conquer approximation algorithms via spreading metrics.
Speed is as powerful as clairvoyance.
Relational queries over interpreted structures.
Complexity of finite-horizon Markov decision process problems.
Orthologic and quantum logic: models and computational elements.
Balanced sequences and optimal routing.
A needed narrowing strategy.
Editorial: a bill of rights and responsibilities.
Building tractable disjunctive constraints.
A neuroidal architecture for cognitive computation.
Sliver exudation.
A lower bound on the average-case complexity of shellsort.
-set agreement.
Periodification scheme: constructing sorting networks with constant period.
Minimizing stall time in single and parallel disk systems.
On the sorting-complexity of suffix tree construction.
The soft heap: an approximate priority queue with optimal error rate.
A minimum spanning tree algorithm with Inverse-Ackermann type complexity.
Contention resolution with constant expected delay.
Dynamic planar convex hull operations in near-logarithmaic amortized time.
Adversarial queuing theory.
Universal-stability results and performance bounds for greedy contention-resolution protocols.
Automated complexity analysis based on ordered resolution.
Lattice computers for approximating Euclidean space.
Erratum: a counterexample to W. Bibel's and E. Eder's strong completeness result for connection graph resolution.
Short proofs are narrow - resolution made simple.
Improved master theorems for divide-and-conquer recurrences.
Convex quadratic and semidefinite programming relaxations in scheduling.
On-line analysis of the TCP acknowledgment delay problem.
-Median problems using the primal-dual schema and Lagrangian relaxation.
Concurrent threads and optimal parallel minimum spanning trees algorithm.
A general approach to dynamic packet routing with bounded buffers.
Unconditional security in quantum cryptography.
An analysis of the Burrows-Wheeler transform.
The complexity of acyclic conjunctive queries.
Simplifying fault-tolerance: providing the abstraction of crash failures.
A modal analysis of staged computation.
Decomposable negation normal form.
Plausibility measures and default reasoning.
An efficient algorithm for image segmentation, Markov random fields and related problems.
Efficient generation of shared RSA keys.
Poly-logarithmic deterministic fully-dynamic algorithms for connectivity, minimum spanning tree, 2-edge, and biconnectivity.
A combinatorial strongly polynomial algorithm for minimizing submodular functions.
Quantum lower bounds by polynomials.
Some optimal inapproximability results.
Extractors and pseudorandom generators.
Logics with aggregate operators.
A model of multimedia information retrieval.
Static analysis in datalog extensions.
Improved implementations of binary universal operations.
Interval arithmetic: From principles to implementation.
A unified approach to approximating resource allocation and scheduling.
Monotonic reductions, representative equivalence, and compilation of intractable problems.
A Laplace transform algorithm for the volume of a convex polytope.
Managing periodically updated data in relational databases: a stochastic modeling approach.
Deciding first-order properties of locally tree-decomposable structures.
Register-machine based processes.
Fast context-free grammar parsing requires fast boolean matrix multiplication.
An optimal minimum spanning tree algorithm.
On a model of indexability and its bounds for range queries.
Expressiveness of structured document query languages based on attribute grammars.
Bounded concurrent timestamp systems using vector clocks.
Map graphs.
Polynomial-time approximation schemes for geometric min-sum median clustering.
On the closest string and substring problems.
Timed regular expressions.
Understanding TCP Vegas: a duality model.
How bad is selfish routing?
Task assignment with unknown duration.
All pairs shortest paths using bridging sets and rectangular matrix multiplication.
Compactly encoding unstructured inputs with differential compression.
On XML integrity constraints in the presence of DTDs.
Paradoxes in distributed decisions on optimal load balancing for networks of homogeneous computers.
Tight bounds on cache use for stencil operations on rectangular grids.
Qualitative decision theory: from savage's axioms to nonmonotonic reasoning.
Dense quantum coding and quantum finite automata.
On the complexity analysis of static analyses.
Formal verification of standards for distance vector routing protocols.
Truth revelation in approximately efficient combinatorial auctions.
The greedy path-merging algorithm for contig scaffolding.
Approximation algorithms for classification problems with pairwise relationships: metric labeling and Markov random fields.
On the online bin packing problem.
Alternating-time temporal logic.
Update: Time to publication statistics.
Query evaluation via tree-decompositions.
Cosmological lower bound on the circuit complexity of a small problem in logic.
Correctness properties in a shared-memory parallel language.
Towards a theory of cache-efficient algorithms.
JACM's 50th anniversary.
JACM editors-in-chief.
Journal of the ACM - the beginnings.
Transitions 1959-1964.
A Golden Age for JACM.
JACM 1973-1975.
JACM 1976-1979.
JACM 1983-1986.
JACM 1986-1990.
JACM 1991-1997.
A report from Headquarters.
Three great challenges for half-century-old computer science.
The importance of the P versus NP question.
On computer system challenges.
Some challenges and grand challenges for computational intelligence.
What next?: A dozen information-technology research goals.
Separation of complexity classes.
The verifying compiler: A grand challenge for computing research.
Getting computers to understand.
Problems and projections in CS for the next 49 year.
Propositional proof complexity.
Three open problems in AI.
Why haven't more quantum algorithms been found?.
Deterministic versus nondeterministic time and lower bound problems.
Three problems in computer science.
Classical physics and the Church-Turing Thesis.
Mini-buckets: A general scheme for bounded inference.
Time-space trade-off lower bounds for randomized computation of decision problems.
A complete problem for statistical zero knowledge.
A foundation for designing deadlock-free routing algorithms in wormhole networks.
Erratum: P. van Beek and R. Dechter's theorem on constraint looseness and local consistency.
A differential approach to inference in Bayesian networks.
The height of a random binary search tree.
An analytic approach to the height of binary search trees II.
Algorithms for computing the static single assignment form.
Editorial: Preserving excellence through change.
Primality and identity testing via Chinese remaindering.
Algorithms adapting to point contention.
Computatbility theory of generalized functions.
Noise-tolerant learning, the parity problem, and the statistical query model.
Bounds on delays and queue lengths in input-queued cell switches.
Minimizing flow time nonclairvoyantly.
How asymmetry helps load balancing.
Reasoning about temporal relations: The tractable subalgebras of Allen's interval algebra.
The geometric maximum traveling salesman problem.
The performance of difference coding for sets and relational tables.
Definable relations and first-order query languages over strings.
Counterexample-guided abstraction refinement for symbolic model checking.
Greedy facility location algorithms analyzed using dual fitting with factor-revealing LP.
Improving table compression with combinatorial optimization.
Magic Functions.
Conditions on input vectors for consensus solvability in asynchronous distributed systems.
 symbols.
Foreword.
Containment and equivalence for a fragment of XPath.
From discrepancy to declustering: Near-optimal multidimensional declustering strategies for range queries.
Monadic datalog and the expressive power of languages for Web information extraction.
Resolution lower bounds for the weak pigeonhole principle.
Lenses in arrangements of pseudo-circles and their applications.
The security of all RSA and discrete log bits.
Number-theoretic constructions of efficient pseudo-random functions.
Segmentation problems.
On sufficient conditions for unsatisfiability of random formulas.
Existential second-order logic over graphs: Charting the tractability frontier.
Polynomial-time data reduction for dominating set.
Smoothed analysis of algorithms: Why the simplex algorithm usually takes polynomial time.
Lower bounds on the bounded coefficient complexity of bilinear maps.
Satisfiability of word equations with constants is in PSPACE.
On clusterings: Good, bad and spectral.
Nonclairvoyant scheduling to minimize the total flow time on single and parallel machines.
Solving convex programs by random walks.
The random oracle methodology, revisited.
Quantum lower bounds for the collision and the element distinctness problems.
Approximating extent measures of points.
Edge-disjoint routing in plane switch graphs in linear time.
A polynomial-time approximation algorithm for the permanent of a matrix with nonnegative entries.
Almost tight upper bounds for vertical decompositions in four dimensions.
Automatic information extraction from large websites.
Self-stabilizing clock synchronization in the presence of Byzantine faults.
A unified theory of shared memory consistency.
Concurrent zero-knowledge.
New lattice-based cryptographic constructions.
Spatial gossip and resource location protocols.
A new approach to dynamic all pairs shortest paths.
Compact oracles for reachability and approximate distances in planar digraphs.
Fast monte-carlo algorithms for finding low-rank approximations.
Approximate distance oracles.
Determining approximate shortest paths on weighted polyhedral surfaces.
Aggregate operators in probabilistic databases.
Analyzing security protocols with secrecy types and logic programs.
 barrier.
Lower bounds for linear degeneracy testing.
Simple extractors for all min-entropies and a new pseudorandom generator.
Trade-offs in probabilistic packet marking for IP traceback.
Introduction.
An information-theoretic approach to normal forms for relational and XML data.
The complexity of XPath query evaluation and XML typing.
-SAT.
Simplify: a theorem prover for program checking.
Beyond proof-of-compliance: security analysis in trust management.
) moves.
-hard to approximate.
Indexing compressed text.
Source routing and scheduling in packet networks.
Approximation algorithms for asymmetric TSP by decomposing directed regular multigraphs.
Remote attribute grammars.
Boosting textual compression in optimal linear time.
Frontier search.
Lattice problems in NP cap coNP.
.
Hardness of approximating the shortest vector problem in lattices.
Scheduling over a time-varying user-dependent channel with applications to high-speed wireless data.
Time-space lower bounds for satisfiability.
-minor-free graphs.
Ownership confinement ensures representation independence for object-oriented programs.
Behavioral theory for mobile ambients.
On the Sum-of-Squares algorithm for bin packing.
A dichotomy theorem for constraint satisfaction problems on a 3-element set.
A new average case analysis for completion time scheduling.
Hidden word statistics.
Limits on the ability of quantum states to convey classical messages.
Introduction.
On preservation under homomorphisms and unions of conjunctive queries.
Conjunctive queries over trees.
A characterization of first-order topological properties of planar spatial data.
Stable distributions, pseudorandom generators, embeddings, and data stream computation.
Dependent rounding and its applications to approximation algorithms.
Interface surfaces for protein-protein complexes.
Split-ordered lists: Lock-free extensible hash tables.
Probabilistic parsing strategies.
The generalized two-server problem.
Alpha-structural recursion and induction.
Computing with highly mixed states.
Fast and accurate algorithms for protein side-chain packing.
Locally testable codes and PCPs of almost-linear length.
Distribution sort with randomized cycling.
Backing up in singly linked lists.
New hardness results for congestion minimization and machine scheduling.
Finding a maximum likelihood tree is hard.
Logarithmic hardness of the undirected edge-disjoint paths problem.
Combining expert advice in reactive environments.
Using expander graphs to find vertex connectivity.
Online algorithms for market clearing.
On the composition of authenticated Byzantine Agreement.
Linear work suffix array construction.
).
An approximation scheme for stochastic linear programming and its application to stochastic integer programs.
The complexity of homomorphism and constraint satisfaction problems seen from the other side.
Polymorphic higher-order recursive path orderings.
Speed scaling to manage energy and temperature.
Polynomial-time quantum algorithms for Pell's equation and the principal ideal problem.
Deciding equivalences among conjunctive aggregate queries.
A characterization of regular expressions under bisimulation.
The rational numbers as an abstract data type.
The measurement calculus.
Fast computation of low-rank matrix approximations.
On the maximum satisfiability of random formulas.
Approximation via cost sharing: Simpler and better approximation algorithms for network design.
The PCP theorem by gap amplification.
Dynamic ordered sets with exponential search trees.
When are elections with few candidates hard to manipulate?.
Characterizing and reasoning about probabilistic and non-probabilistic expectation.
(Almost) Tight bounds and existence theorems for single-commodity confluent flows.
A new look at survey propagation and its generalizations.
Optimal pants decompositions and shortest homotopic cycles on an orientable surface.
On deciding well-definedness for query languages on trees.
Periodicity and unbordered words: A proof of the extended duval conjecture.
Sampling from large matrices: An approach through geometric functional analysis.
AdWords and generalized online matching.
Low distortion embeddings for edit distance.
On computing all abductive explanations from a propositional Horn theory.
Lossless abstraction of imperfect information games.
A bisimulation for type abstraction and recursion.
On counting homomorphisms to directed acyclic graphs.
Equivalence between priority queues and sorting.
A testing scenario for probabilistic processes.
Time lower bounds for implementations of multi-writer snapshots.
On specification of Read/Write shared variables.
Priority sampling for estimation of arbitrary subset sums.
Towards 3-query locally decodable codes of subexponential length.
On the minimization of XPath queries.
Bit complexity of breaking and achieving symmetry in chains and rings.
A formal foundation for XrML.
Undecidability of bisimilarity by defender's forcing.
Security analysis of cryptographically controlled access to XML documents.
XML data exchange: Consistency and query answering.
XPath satisfiability in the presence of DTDs.
Efficient core computation in data exchange.
Optimal probabilistic fingerprint codes.
Minimum-weight triangulation is NP-hard.
Beyond separation of duty: An algebra for specifying high-level security policies.
Matching algorithmic bounds for finding a Brouwer fixed point.
Computing correlated equilibria in multi-player games.
Homomorphism preservation theorems.
The approximability of MAX CSP with fixed-value constraints.
Undirected connectivity in log-space.
Optimal maintenance of a spanning tree.
Semantic subtyping: Dealing set-theoretically with function, union, intersection, and negation types.
Tight bounds for asynchronous randomized consensus.
A fixed-parameter algorithm for the directed feedback vertex set problem.
Market equilibrium via a primal-dual algorithm for a convex program.
Aggregating inconsistent information: Ranking and clustering.
Random sampling from a search engine's index.
On the impact of combinatorial structure on congestion games.
Linear-time disk-based implicit graph search.
Almost-tight hardness of directed congestion minimization.
Weak ε-nets and interval chains.
Recursive Markov chains, stochastic grammars, and monotone systems of nonlinear equations.
The complexity of online memory checking.
Evolvability.
Single-value combinatorial auctions and algorithmic implementation in undominated strategies.
Expander flows, geometric embeddings and graph partitioning.
Polynomial flow-cut gaps and hardness of directed cut problems.
The gene evolution model and computing its associated probabilities.
Multi-linear formulas for permanent and determinant are of super-polynomial size.
-flow in a directed planar graph.
Permuting streaming data using RAMs.
Introduction to PODS 2006 special section.
Lower bounds for processing data with few random accesses to external memory.
Two-variable logic on data trees and XML reasoning.
Settling the complexity of computing two-player Nash equilibria.
A quasi-polynomial time approximation scheme for minimum weight triangulation.
Adding nesting structure to words.
Improved bounds on the average length of longest common subsequences.
Adaptive simulated annealing: A near-optimal connection between sampling and counting.
Graph partitioning using single commodity flows.
Unbalanced expanders and randomness extractors from Parvaresh-Vardy codes.
On the bias of traceroute sampling: Or, power-law degree distributions in regular graphs.
Empirical hardness models: Methodology and a case study on combinatorial auctions.
Quantifying inefficiency in cost-sharing mechanisms.
The complexity of obstruction-free implementations.
A measure & conquer approach for the analysis of exact algorithms.
On the expressiveness and complexity of randomization in finite state monitors.
On approximating the ideal random access machine by physical machines.
A unified approach to scheduling on unrelated parallel machines.
Introduction to PODS 2007 special section.
Generalized hypertree decompositions: NP-hardness and tractable variants.
The complexity of query containment in expressive fragments of XPath 2.0.
Triangulation and embedding using small sets of beacons.
A property of quantum relative entropy with an application to privacy in quantum communication.
On lattices, learning with errors, random linear codes, and cryptography.
Space-time tradeoffs for approximate nearest neighbor searching.
On the union of fat tetrahedra in three dimensions.
Efficient and secure authenticated key exchange using weak passwords.
Compressing and indexing labeled trees, with applications.
Linear-time approximation schemes for clustering problems in any dimensions.
Schema mapping discovery from data instances.
The nested chinese restaurant process and bayesian nonparametric inference of topic hierarchies.
Tight bounds for clock synchronization.
The complexity of temporal constraint satisfaction problems.
The next 700 data description languages.
A constructive proof of the general lovász local lemma.
Editorial: JACM at the start of a new decade.
Eigenvalue bounds, spectral partitioning, and metrical deformations via flows.
Amplifying lower bounds by means of self-reducibility.
Geometric suffix tree: Indexing protein 3-D structures.
A dynamic data structure for 3-D convex hulls and 2-D nearest neighbor queries.
Improved bounds and new techniques for Davenport-Schinzel sequences and their generalizations.
Transitive closure logic, nested tree walking automata, and XPath.
A discriminative model for semi-supervised learning.
Simulating independence: New constructions of condensers, ramsey graphs, dispersers, and extractors.
Ultra-low-dimensional embeddings for doubling metrics.
Tight failure detection bounds on atomic object implementations.
Set constraints with projections.
) expected time.
Routing betweenness centrality.
An axiomatic approach to personalized ranking systems.
 search with consistent heuristics.
 circuits.
Two-query PCP with subconstant error.
Reconciling description logics and rules.
The structure of inverses in schema mappings.
A random-sampling-based algorithm for learning intersections of halfspaces.
Newtonian program analysis.
Limitations of quantum coset states for graph isomorphism.
Invited articles section foreword.
Epistemic privacy.
Approximation algorithms for restless bandit problems.
XML with incomplete information.
On P vs. NP and geometric complexity theory: Dedicated to Sri Ramakrishna.
)) time and more.
Dynamic atomic storage without consensus.
Randomized algorithms for estimating the trace of an implicit symmetric positive semi-definite matrix.
On the competitive ratio of evaluating priced functions.
Market equilibrium under separable, piecewise-linear, concave utilities.
Robust principal component analysis?
 invited article.
Estimating PageRank on graph streams.
Online geometric reconstruction.
Probabilistic data exchange.
Invited articles foreword.
XPath evaluation in linear time.
) bit barrier: Scalable byzantine agreement with an adaptive adversary.
Smoothed Analysis of the k-Means Method.
Hardness of Approximating Flow and Job Shop Scheduling Problems.
Approximation Schemes for Steiner Forest on Planar Graphs and Graphs of Bounded Treewidth.
Invited Articles Foreword.
Deterministic Distributed Vertex Coloring in Polylogarithmic Time.
Complete Fairness in Secure Two-Party Computation.
Truthful and Near-Optimal Mechanism Design via Linear Programming.
Compositional Shape Analysis by Means of Bi-Abduction.
Randomized Shellsort: A Simple Data-Oblivious Sorting Algorithm.
New Constructive Aspects of the Lovász Local Lemma.
Invited Article Foreword.
QIP = PSPACE.
Probabilistic ω-automata.
Polylogarithmic concurrent data structures from monotone circuits.
New combinatorial topology bounds for renaming: The upper bound.
Invited article foreword.
Highly acyclic groups, hypergraph covers, and the guarded fragment.
On the (im)possibility of obfuscating programs.
The notion of a rational convex program, and an algorithm for the arrow-debreu Nash bargaining game.
A theory of goal-oriented communication.
Invited article foreword.
Continuous sampling from distributed streams.
New Techniques for Noninteractive Zero-Knowledge.
An Efficient Rigorous Approach for Identifying Statistically Significant Frequent Itemsets.
Defining Fairness in Reactive and Concurrent Systems.
The Power of Simple Tabulation Hashing.
Invited Article Foreword.
Size and Treewidth Bounds for Conjunctive Queries.
From Almost Optimal Algorithms to Logics for Complexity Classes via Listings and a Halting Problem.
SINR Diagrams: Convexity and Its Applications in Wireless Networks.
A Primal-Dual Randomized Algorithm for Weighted Paging.
Invited Article Foreword.
Dynamic Indexability and the Optimality of B-Trees.
On the trade-off between network connectivity, round complexity, and communication complexity of reliable message transmission.
Sublinear optimization for machine learning.
A quantum lovász local lemma.
Approximating the partition function of the ferromagnetic potts model.
Invited article foreword.
Fixed-point definability and polynomial time on graphs with excluded minors.
The effectiveness of lloyd-type methods for the k-means problem.
An invariance principle for polytopes.
The dichotomy of probabilistic inference for unions of conjunctive queries.
Theories, solvers and static analysis by abstract interpretation.
Graph expansion and communication costs of fast matrix multiplication.
Strategy Iteration Is Strongly Polynomial for 2-Player Turn-Based Stochastic Games with a Constant Discount Factor.
Distributed Random Walks.
Testing Product States, Quantum Merlin-Arthur Games and Tensor Optimization.
Testing Closeness of Discrete Distributions.
Invited Article Foreword.
Steiner Tree Approximation via Iterative Randomized Rounding.
Paging and list update under bijective analysis.
Clustering under approximation stability.
Forbidden information.
The complexity of conservative valued CSPs.
Asynchronous gossip.
A learning theory approach to noninteractive database privacy.
An in-depth analysis of stochastic Kronecker graphs.
Invited article foreword.
Relational transducers for declarative networking.
A Master Theorem for Discrete Divide and Conquer Recurrences.
The VPN Conjecture Is True.
Local Reasoning for Global Invariants, Part I: Region Logic.
Local Reasoning for Global Invariants, Part II: Dynamic Boundaries.
Model Checking Higher-Order Programs.
Invited Article Foreword.
CompCertTSO: A Verified Compiler for Relaxed-Memory Concurrency.
The HOM problem is decidable.
Decomposing combinatorial auctions and set packing problems.
Matrix sparsification and nested dissection over arbitrary fields.
) time with high probability.
Invited articles foreword.
Data exchange beyond complete data.
Game semantics for a polymorphic programming language.
Editorial: JACM redux.
Fast matrix rank algorithms and applications.
The expressibility of functions on the boolean domain, with applications to counting CSPs.
From sylvester-gallai configurations to rank bounds: Improved blackbox identity test for depth-3 circuits.
The complexity of the counting constraint satisfaction problem.
Towards a complexity theory for local distributed computing.
Testing first-order properties for subclasses of sparse graphs.
Random graphs and the parity quantifier.
Invited article foreword.
Lower bounds for local approximation.
Tensor-Rank and Lower Bounds for Arithmetic Formulas.
Persistence-Based Clustering in Riemannian Manifolds.
Tractable Hypergraph Properties for Constraint Satisfaction and Conjunctive Queries.
On Ideal Lattices and Learning with Errors over Rings.
From Low-Distortion Norm Embeddings to Explicit Uncertainty Relations and Efficient Information Locking.
Most Tensor Problems Are NP-Hard.
Linear-Time Approximation for Maximum Weight Matching.
Nonuniform ACC Circuit Lower Bounds.
Constraint Satisfaction Problems Solvable by Local Consistency Methods.
Sparser Johnson-Lindenstrauss Transforms.
Approximating Markov Processes by Averaging.
Foreword to Invited Articles Section.
The Space Complexity of Long-Lived and One-Shot Timestamp Implementations.
Querying Regular Graph Patterns.
 String Retrieval.
Avoiding Three Consecutive Blocks of the Same Size and Same Sum.
Nearly Optimal Solutions for the Chow Parameters Problem and Low-Weight Approximation of Halfspaces.
XML Schema Mappings: Data Exchange and Metadata Management.
: On Time Bounds and the Ordering of Events in Distributed Systems.
Undecidability of Propositional Separation Logic and Its Neighbours.
Efficient and Dynamic Algorithms for Alternating Büchi Games and Maximal End-Component Decomposition.
Merge-and-Shrink Abstraction: A Method for Generating Lower Bounds in Factored State Spaces.
Computing All Maps into a Sphere.
Tight Bounds for Asynchronous Renaming.
The Cost of Fault Tolerance in Multi-Party Communication Complexity.
Solving the Weighted Stable Set Problem in Claw-Free Graphs via Decomposition.
The Convergence of Bird Flocking.
An Additive Combinatorics Approach Relating Rank to Communication Complexity.
Satisfiability Allows No Nontrivial Sparsification unless the Polynomial-Time Hierarchy Collapses.
A Logic for True Concurrency.
Invited Articles Foreword.
Ranking Functions for Linear-Constraint Loops.
Denotational Semantics with Nominal Scott Domains.
High-rate codes with sublinear-time decoding.
Privacy amplification with asymptotically optimal entropy loss.
Fault-tolerant algorithms for tick-generation in asynchronous logic: Robust pulse generation.
Invited article foreword.
Transducing Markov sequences.
Approaching the Chasm at Depth Four.
Communication Lower Bounds Using Directional Derivatives.
Fast Interactive Coding against Adversarial Noise.
: A Self-Stabilizing Skip Graph.
Multiway Spectral Partitioning and Higher-Order Cheeger Inequalities.
Privacy Aware Learning.
A New Approach to Image Sharing with High-Security Threshold Structure.
Invited Article Foreword.
Efficient Analysis of Probabilistic Programs with an Unbounded Counter.
Approximating Minimum Bounded Degree Spanning Trees to within One of Optimal.
Approximate Verification of the Symbolic Dynamics of Markov Chains.
Limited-Use Atomic Snapshots with Polylogarithmic Step Complexity.
Improved Smoothed Analysis of Multiobjective Optimization.
Constant-Round Nonmalleable Commitments from Any One-Way Function.
Invited Articles Foreword.
On the Complexity of Universal Leader Election.
.
Measuring and Synthesizing Systems in Probabilistic Environments.
Truthful Mechanisms with Implicit Payment Computation.
Recursive Markov Decision Processes and Recursive Stochastic Games.
Document Spanners: A Formal Approach to Information Extraction.
Finding Correlations in Subquadratic Time, with Applications to Learning Parities and the Closest Pair Problem.
Preemptive Uniprocessor Scheduling of Mixed-Criticality Sporadic Task Systems.
Monitoring Metric First-Order Temporal Properties.
Invited Article Foreword.
Exponential Lower Bounds for Polytopes in Combinatorial Optimization.
Polyhedral Clinching Auctions and the AdWords Polytope.
Schaefer's Theorem for Graphs.
New Strong Direct Product Results in Communication Complexity.
Learning without Concentration.
Guarded Negation.
A Framework for Space Complexity in Algebraic Proof Systems.
Invited Article Foreword.
On Kinetic Delaunay Triangulations: A Near-Quadratic Bound for Unit Speed Motions.
Robust Satisfiability of Systems of Equations.
Delegating Computation: Interactive Proofs for Muggles.
Algorithmic Applications of Baur-Strassen's Theorem: Shortest Cycles, Diameter, and Matchings.
Invited Articles Foreword.
Upper Bounds for Newton's Method on Monotone Polynomial Systems, and P-Time Model Checking of Probabilistic One-Counter Automata.
Signature-Free Asynchronous Binary Byzantine Consensus with t < n/3, O(n2) Messages, and O(1) Expected Time.
Intrinsic Robustness of the Price of Anarchy.
LSH-Preserving Functions and Their Applications.
Improving Christofides' Algorithm for the s-t Path TSP.
Optimal Euclidean Spanners: Really Short, Thin, and Lanky.
Sharp Bounds on Davenport-Schinzel Sequences of Every Order.
The Topology of Wireless Communication.
Improved Distributed Approximate Matching.
Regular Languages Are Church-Rosser Congruential.
-Server Problem.
Invited Articles Foreword.
Subexponential Algorithms for Unique Games and Related Problems.
Query-Based Data Pricing.
Net and Prune: A Linear Time Algorithm for Euclidean Distance Problems.
Attribute-Based Encryption for Circuits.
Substitution-Permutation Networks, Pseudorandom Functions, and Natural Proofs.
Simple, Fast and Deterministic Gossip and Rumor Spreading.
Solving Linear Programs without Breaking Abstractions.
Revocable Quantum Timed-Release Encryption.
Inapproximability for Antiferromagnetic Spin Systems in the Tree Nonuniqueness Region.
Revisiting Asynchronous Linear Solvers: Provable Convergence Rate through Randomization.
Communication is Bounded by Root of Rank.
Removing and Adding Edges for the Traveling Salesman Problem.
Network-Oblivious Algorithms.
Recompression: A Simple and Powerful Technique for Word Equations.
Impossibility Results for Truthful Combinatorial Auctions with Submodular Valuations.
An Optimal Ancestry Labeling Scheme with Applications to XML Trees and Universal Posets.
Algebraic Structures for Capturing the Provenance of SPARQL Queries.
Invited Articles Foreword.
Multiparty Asynchronous Session Types.
Parameterized Verification of Asynchronous Shared-Memory Systems.
Bayesian Combinatorial Auctions.
A Combinatorial, Primal-Dual Approach to Semidefinite Programs.
Byzantine Agreement in Expected Polynomial Time.
Querying Graphs with Data.
Almost Optimal Local Graph Clustering Using Evolving Sets.
A New Kind of Tradeoffs in Propositional Proof Complexity.
Local Computation: Lower and Upper Bounds.
Invited Articles Foreword.
Computational Complexity of Quantum Satisfiability.
The Locality of Distributed Symmetry Breaking.
Sample Compression Schemes for VC Classes.
Random Walks That Find Perfect Objects and the Lovász Local Lemma.
On the Complexity of the Orbit Problem.
Formally Reasoning About Quality.
Semantics Out of Context: Nominal Absolute Denotations for First-Order Logic and Computation.
Analyzing Network Coding (Gossip) Made Easy.
Invited Articles Foreword.
Approximation Resistance from Pairwise-Independent Subgroups.
Improved Algorithms for Constructing Consensus Trees.
Efficient Computation of Representative Families with Applications in Parameterized and Exact Algorithms.
Optimal Mechanisms for Combinatorial Auctions and Combinatorial Public Projects via Convex Rounding.
Are Lock-Free Concurrent Algorithms Practically Wait-Free?
Constant Rate PCPs for Circuit-SAT with Sublinear Query Complexity.
Robust Protocols for Securely Expanding Randomness and Distributing Keys Using Untrusted Quantum Devices.
Approximate Constraint Satisfaction Requires Large LP Relaxations.
Optimal Rate Code Constructions for Computationally Simple Channels.
Query Complexity of Approximate Nash Equilibria.
The Complexity of Finite-Valued CSPs.
Invited Paper Foreword.
2-Server PIR with Subpolynomial Communication.
Polynomial Bounds for the Grid-Minor Theorem.
Highway Dimension and Provably Efficient Shortest Path Algorithms.
Playing Mastermind With Many Colors.
The Local Lemma Is Asymptotically Tight for SAT.
(Meta) Kernelization.
Invited Articles Foreword.
A Polylogarithmic Approximation Algorithm for Edge-Disjoint Paths with Congestion 2.
Exponential Separation of Information and Communication for Boolean Functions.
Deterministic (Δ + 1)-Coloring in Sublinear (in Δ) Time in Static, Dynamic, and Faulty Networks.
A Nearly Optimal Algorithm for Deciding Connectivity Queries in Smooth and Bounded Real Algebraic Sets.
Belief Propagation Guided Decimation Fails on Random Formulas.
The Power of Localization for Efficiently Learning Linear Separators with Noise.
Faster Polynomial Multiplication over Finite Fields.
A Temporal Logic Approach to Binding-Time Analysis.
Upward Max-Min Fairness.
Instance-Optimal Geometric Algorithms.
 Colors.
Amplifiers for the Moran Process.
Invited Article Foreword.
Property-Directed Inference of Universal Invariants or Proving Their Absence.
Statistical Algorithms and a Lower Bound for Detecting Planted Cliques.
Analysis of a Classical Matrix Preconditioning Algorithm.
Arithmetic Cryptography.
High-Rate Locally Correctable and Locally Testable Codes with Sub-Polynomial Query Complexity.
On the Switch Markov Chain for Perfect Matchings.
Invited Articles Foreword.
Monadic Decomposition.
Verifying Increasingly Expressive Temporal Logics for Infinite-State Systems.
Plane Formation by Synchronous Mobile Robots in the Three-Dimensional Euclidean Space.
Deciding First-Order Properties of Nowhere Dense Graphs.
Tight Lower Bounds on Graph Embedding Problems.
Complexity of Counting CSP with Complex Weights.
The Complexity of Non-Monotone Markets.
On Learning and Testing Dynamic Environments.
Invited Article Foreword.
A Distributed (2 + ε)-Approximation for Vertex Cover in O(log Δ / ε log log Δ) Rounds.
Reconciliation With Nonbinary Gene Trees Revisited.
Source Sets: A Foundation for Optimal Dynamic Partial Order Reduction.
The Tractability Frontier of Graph-Like First-Order Query Sets.
Optimal Induced Universal Graphs and Adjacency Labeling for Trees.
The 4/3 Additive Spanner Exponent Is Tight.
 
Bounds on Monotone Switching Networks for Directed Connectivity.
Near-Optimal Regret Bounds for Thompson Sampling.
Streaming Tree Transducers.
Separations in Query Complexity Based on Pointer Functions.
Qualitative Determinacy and Decidability of Stochastic Games with Signals.
The Complexity of Mean-Payoff Pushdown Games.
 
An Average-Case Depth Hierarchy Theorem for Boolean Circuits.
Parallel-Correctness and Transferability for Conjunctive Queries.
Estimating the Unseen: Improved Estimators for Entropy and Other Properties.
Polynomial Time Corresponds to Solutions of Polynomial Ordinary Differential Equations of Polynomial Length.
Which Is the Fairest (Rent Division) of Them All?
 
Communication Steps for Parallel Query Processing.
The Matching Polytope has Exponential Extension Complexity.
The Applied Pi Calculus: Mobile Values, New Names, and Secure Communication.
Characterizing Transactional Memory Consistency Conditions Using Observational Refinement.
Competitive Algorithms from Competitive Equilibria: Non-Clairvoyant Scheduling under Polyhedral Constraints.
Constant-Rate Coding for Multiparty Interactive Communication Is Impossible.
 
Embeddability in the 3-Sphere Is Decidable.
Proving the Incompatibility of Efficiency and Strategyproofness via SMT Solving.
-Colourings of a Random Graph.
Fair Enough: Guaranteeing Approximate Maximin Shares.
Discrete Temporal Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Excluded Grid Minors and Efficient Polynomial-Time Approximation Schemes.
Invited Article Foreword.
Analysing Snapshot Isolation.
Fast Hamiltonicity Checking Via Bases of Perfect Matchings.
Bandits with Knapsacks.
 Constant Bias Implies One-Way Functions.
Spectral Properties of Hypergraph Laplacian and Approximation Algorithms.
 
Worst-case Optimal Join Algorithms.
Rumor Spreading and Conductance.
Path ORAM: An Extremely Simple Oblivious RAM Protocol.
Distributed (Δ +1)-Coloring in Sublogarithmic Rounds.
Non-Malleable Codes.
Equivalence of Deterministic Top-Down Tree-to-String Transducers Is Decidable.
Threesomes, Degenerates, and Love Triangles.
Full Abstraction for Probabilistic PCF.
Optimal Multi-Way Number Partitioning.
Invited Article Foreword.
Minimization of Tree Patterns.
Subcubic Equivalences Between Path, Matrix, and Triangle Problems.
Ontology-Mediated Queries: Combined Complexity and Succinctness of Rewritings via Circuit Complexity.
General Belief Revision.
Weakest Precondition Reasoning for Expected Runtimes of Randomized Algorithms.
The Cost of Unknown Diameter in Dynamic Networks.
On Algebraic Branching Programs of Small Width.
Reachability Is in DynFO.
-Biclique Problem.
Matroid Secretary Problems.
Decremental Single-Source Shortest Paths on Undirected Graphs in Near-Linear Total Update Time.
Circuit Complexity, Proof Complexity, and Polynomial Identity Testing: The Ideal Proof System.
Erratum: Limited-Use Atomic Snapshots with Polylogarithmic Step Complexity.
Indistinguishability Obfuscation from Functional Encryption.
Settling the Query Complexity of Non-adaptive Junta Testing.
Shuffles and Circuits (On Lower Bounds for Modern Parallel Computation).
Solving Optimization Problems with Diseconomies of Scale via Decoupling.
Parallel Metric Tree Embedding Based on an Algebraic View on Moore-Bellman-Ford.
Invited Article Foreword.
Unifying Concurrent Objects and Distributed Tasks: Interval-Linearizability.
Engineering with Logic: Rigorous Test-Oracle Specification and Validation for TCP/IP and the Sockets API.
The PCL Theorem: Transactions cannot be Parallel, Consistent, and Live.
Fast Learning Requires Good Memory: A Time-Space Lower Bound for Parity Learning.
Deterministic Edge Connectivity in Near-Linear Time.
Computing the Homology of Basic Semialgebraic Sets in Weak Exponential Time.
Scaling Exponential Backoff: Constant Throughput, Polylogarithmic Channel-Access Attempts, and Robustness.
Near Optimal Online Algorithms and Fast Approximation Algorithms for Resource Allocation Problems.
Exact Algorithms via Monotone Local Search.
Capacity Upper Bounds for Deletion-type Channels.
Approximate Counting, the Lovász Local Lemma, and Inference in Graphical Models.
Pseudorandomness from Shrinkage.
Going Higher in First-Order Quantifier Alternation Hierarchies on Words.
Bar Induction is Compatible with Constructive Type Theory.
-path TSP.
On the Decidability of Membership in Matrix-exponential Semigroups.
Near-optimal Linear Decision Trees for k-SUM and Related Problems.
Parallel Bayesian Search with No Coordination.
Uniform Sampling Through the Lovász Local Lemma.
From Real-time Logic to Timed Automata.
Invited Articles Foreword.
Shellability is NP-complete.
Toward Verifying Nonlinear Integer Arithmetic.
On the Computability of Conditional Probability.
Nonhomogeneous Place-dependent Markov Chains, Unsynchronised AIMD, and Optimisation.
On the Complexity of Hazard-free Circuits.
Hierarchical Clustering: Objective Functions and Algorithms.
A Theory of NP-completeness and Ill-conditioning for Approximate Real Computations.
The Salesman's Improved Paths through Forests.
Approximation Schemes for Independent Set and Sparse Subsets of Polygons.
Bandits and Experts in Metric Spaces.
Infinite-duration Bidding Games.
Self-Stabilising Byzantine Clock Synchronisation Is Almost as Easy as Consensus.
On the Parameterized Complexity of Approximating Dominating Set.
White-Box vs. Black-Box Complexity of Search Problems: Ramsey and Graph Property Testing.
Index Reduction for Differential-algebraic Equations with Mixed Matrices.
The Moser-Tardos Framework with Partial Resampling.
) Replacements.
An Operational Characterization of Mutual Information in Algorithmic Information Theory.
Deciding Context Unification.
Tight Bounds for Undirected Graph Exploration with Pebbles and Multiple Agents.
On the Complexity of Cache Analysis for Different Replacement Policies.
An Unrestricted Learning Procedure.
Invited Articles Foreword.
The Weisfeiler-Leman Dimension of Planar Graphs Is at Most 3.
Computing the Geometric Intersection Number of Curves.
Matrix Multiplication, a Little Faster.
Fully Functional Suffix Trees and Optimal Text Searching in BWT-Runs Bounded Space.
Silence.
Foundations of Context-aware Preference Propagation.
Detecting an Odd Hole.
Differential Equation Invariance Axiomatization.
Approximating Generalized Network Design under (Dis)economies of Scale with Applications to Energy Efficiency.
Deterministic Factorization of Sparse Polynomials with Bounded Individual Degree.
Frege Systems for Quantified Boolean Logic.
A Simpler and Faster Strongly Polynomial Algorithm for Generalized Flow Maximization.
Polynomial Counting in Anonymous Dynamic Networks with Applications to Anonymous Dynamic Algebraic Computations.
Invited Article Foreword.
A Simple Deterministic Distributed MST Algorithm with Near-Optimal Time and Message Complexities.
The Power of Shunning: Efficient Asynchronous Byzantine Agreement Revisited.
Distributed Exact Shortest Paths in Sublinear Time.
Representative Sets and Irrelevant Vertices: New Tools for Kernelization.
Fully Online Matching.
A Near-linear Time ε-Approximation Algorithm for Geometric Bipartite Matching.
