Special Issue on Advances in Video Coding and Delivery.
Trends and Perspectives in Image and Video Coding.
Video Compression - From Concepts to the H.264/AVC Standard.
JPEG 2000: Retrospective and New Developments.
Advances in Scalable Video Coding.
Multiple Description Coding for Video Delivery.
Distributed Video Coding.
Digital Video Transcoding.
Interactive 3-D Video Representation and Coding Technologies.
Advances in Wireless Video Delivery.
End-to-End QoS for Video Delivery Over Wireless Internet.
Advances in Efficient Resource Allocation for Packet-Based Real-Time Video Transmission.
Video Adaptation: Concepts, Technologies, and Open Issues.
Internet Multicast Video Delivery.
Advances in Digital Video Content Protection.
Advances in Hardware Architectures for Image and Video Coding - A Survey.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Lee de Forest.
Special Issue on Program Generation, Optimization, and Platform Adaptation.
The Design and Implementation of FFTW3.
SPIRAL: Code Generation for DSP Transforms.
Synthesis of High-Performance Parallel Programs for a Class of ab Initio Quantum Chemistry Models.
Self-Adapting Linear Algebra Algorithms and Software.
Parallel VSIPL++: An Open Standard Software Library for High-Performance Parallel Signal Processing.
Parallel MATLAB: Doing it Right.
Broadway: A Compiler for Exploiting the Domain-Specific Semantics of Software Libraries.
Is Search Really Necessary to Generate High-Performance BLAS?
Telescoping Languages: A System for Automatic Generation of Domain Languages.
Efficient Utilization of SIMD Extensions.
Intelligent Monitoring for Adaptation in Grid Applications.
Design and Engineering of a Dynamic Binary Optimizer.
A Survey of Adaptive Optimization in Virtual Machines.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Alexander Graham Bell.
Special Issue on Grid Computing.
The Earth System Grid: Supporting the Next Generation of Climate Modeling Research.
DAME: Searching Large Data Sets Within a Grid-Enabled Engineering Application.
The Computational Chemistry Prototyping Environment.
Japanese Computational Grid Research Project: NAREGI.
The Grid Application Toolkit: Toward Generic and Easy Application Programming Interfaces for the Grid.
Building Grid Portal Applications From a Web Service Component Architecture.
Deploying the NaradaBrokering Substrate in Aiding Efficient Web and Grid Service Interactions.
Data Grids, Digital Libraries, and Persistent Archives: An Integrated Approach to Sharing, Publishing, and Archiving Data.
Legion: Lessons Learned Building a Grid Operating System.
Modeling and Managing State in Distributed Systems: The Role of OGSI and WSRF.
Coordination in Intelligent Grid Environments.
Agreement-Based Resource Management.
Security for Grids.
Conceptual and Implementation Models for the Grid.
The Semantic Grid: Past, Present, and Future.
Cyberinfrastructure for Science and Engineering: Promises and Challenges.
Grid Computing and Beyond: The Context of Dynamic Data Driven Applications Systems.
The Grid Economy.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: John S. Stone.
Special Issue on Molecular Imaging: Emerging Technology and Biomedical Applications.
Intelligent Biohybrid Materials for Therapeutic and Imaging Agent Delivery.
Gene Array Technologies in Biological Investigations.
Using in Vivo Bioluminescence Imaging to Shed Light on Cancer Biology.
Development of a Small-Animal PET System.
Multimodality Radionuclide, Fluorescence, and Bioluminescence Small-Animal Imaging.
Molecular Imaging of Cancer: Applications of Magnetic Resonance Methods.
Molecular MR Imaging Probes.
Molecular and Cellular Imaging with Targeted Contrast Ultrasound.
From Genomics to Clinical Molecular Imaging.
Photonics Technology for Molecular Imaging.
Radar 101: Celebrating 101 Years of Development.
Special Issue on Energy Infrastructure Defense Systems.
Energy Infrastructure Defense Systems.
Wide-Area Protection and Emergency Control.
WACS-Wide-Area Stability and Voltage Control System: R&D and Online Demonstration.
Designing a Reliable Power System: Hydro-Quebec's Integrated Approach.
Strategic Power Infrastructure Defense.
A Fast Algorithm for Identification and Tracing of Voltage and Oscillatory Stability Margin Boundaries.
Use of Satellite Technologies for Power System Measurements, Command, and Control.
Catastrophic Failures in Power Systems: Causes, Analyses, and Countermeasures.
Designing the Next Generation of Real-Time Control, Communication, and Computations for Large Power Systems.
Design Aspects for Wide-Area Monitoring and Control Systems.
Wide-Area Protection and Power System Utilization.
Area-Wide System Protection Scheme Against Extreme Contingencies.
dcOvercoming Communications Challenges in Software for Monitoring and Controlling Power Systems.
Impact of Natural Gas Infrastructure on Electric Power Systems.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Nikola Tesla.
Special Issue on Industrial Communication Systems.
Fieldbus Technology in Industrial Automation.
Ethernet-Based Real-Time and Industrial Communications.
Real-Time Ethernet - Industry Prospective.
Wireless Technology in Industrial Networks.
Security for Industrial Communication Systems.
Communication systems for building automation and control.
Trends in Automotive Communication Systems.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Michael I. Pupin.
Special Issue on Flexible Electronics Technology, Part 1: Systems and Applications.
Macroelectronics: Perspectives on Technology and Applications.
Functional Pixel Circuits for Elastic AMOLED Displays.
Flexible Organic LED and Organic Thin-Film Transistor.
Organic LED Pixel Array on a Dome.
Flexible a-Si: H Position-Sensitive Detectors.
Organic Memory Device Fabricated Through Solution Processing.
Poly-Si TFT Fabricated at 150 deg C Using ICP-CVD and Excimer Laser Annealing.
Extracting Contact Effects in Organic FETs.
Photosensitive Polymer Thin-Film FETs Based on Poly(3-octylthiophene).
Large Area Electronics Using Printing Methods.
Progress Toward Development of All-Printed RFID Tags: Materials, Processes, and Devices.
Printed Electrochemical Devices Using Conducting Polymers as Active Materials on Flexible Substrates.
Printed Organic Semiconducting Devices.
High-Performance Nanowire Electronics and Photonics and Nanoscale Patterning on Flexible Plastic Substrates.
Low-Temperature Deposition of Hydrogenated Amorphous Silicon in an Electron Cyclotron Resonance Reactor for Flexible Displays.
Realization of Flexible Plasma Display Panels on PET Substrates.
Scanning Our Past from Madrid: Leonardo Torres Quevedo.
Special Issue on Flexible Electronics Technology, Part II: Materials and Devices.
Reel to Real: Prospects for Flexible Displays.
Polymer Electronics Systems - Polytronics.
The Electronic Circuit Composition and Structure of Thread for a Novel Braid Electronics-Systems by Kumihimo Structure.
Design of High-Performance Regioregular Polythiophenes for Organic Thin-Film Transistors.
Low-Temperature Materials and Thin Film Transistors for Flexible Electronics.
Flexible Conjugated Polymer-Based Plastic Solar Cells: From Basics to Applications.
Toward Novel Flexible Display - Top-Emitting OLEDs on Al-Laminated PET Substrates.
Transparent Flexible Substrates Based on Polyimides with Aluminum Doped Zinc Oxide (AZO) Thin Films.
Electromechanical Properties of Transparent Conducting Substrates for Flexible Electronic Displays.
Stretchable Interconnects for Elastic Electronic Surfaces.
A Transparent, High Barrier, and High Heat Substrate for Organic Electronics.
Method of Measuring Ultralow Water Vapor Permeation for OLED Displays.
Vacuum Web Coating - State of the Art and Potential for Electronics.
Printing Methods and Materials for Large-Area Electronic Devices.
Flexible Electronics and Displays: High-Resolution, Roll-to-Roll, Projection Lithography and Photoablation Processing Technologies for High-Throughput Production.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: John J. Carty.
Special Issue on Silicon Germanium - Advanced Technology, Modeling, and Design.
Scaling of SiGe Heterojunction Bipolar Transistors.
Status and Direction of Communication Technologies - SiGe BiCMOS and RFCMOS.
On the Potential of SiGe HBTs for Extreme Environment Electronics.
Noise in SiGe HBT RF Technology: Physics, Modeling, and Circuit Implications.
SiGe Radio Frequency ICs for Low-Power Portable Communication.
Design and Compliance Testing of a SiGe WCDMA Receiver IC With Integrated Analog Baseband.
Integrated Phased Array Systems in Silicon.
Smart Phased Array SoCs: A Novel Application for Advanced SiGe HBT BiCMOS Technology.
SiGe HBT Microprocessor Core Test Vehicle.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Greenleaf W. Pickard.
Special Issue on Blue Sky Electronic Technologies.
Solid-State Lighting: Toward Superior Illumination.
Optical and Interferometric Lithography - Nanotechnology Enablers.
Terahertz Frequency Sensing and Imaging: A Time of Reckoning Future Applications?
Metamaterials for High-Frequency Electronics.
Scenarios for Molecular-Level Signal Processing.
Prospects for Quantum Dot Implementation of Adiabatic Quantum Computers for Intractable Problems.
Integrated Biological-Semiconductor Devices.
Nanoscale Engineering for Reducing Phase Noise in Electronic Devices.
Electronic Transport in Molecular Self-Assembled Monolayer Devices.
Quantum Dot Photonic Crystal Light Sources.
Virtual Computing Infrastructures for Nanoelectronics Simulation.
Hi-DRA: Intrusion Detection for Internet Security.
Future Directions in Electronic Computing and Information Processing.
Surface High-Energy Laser.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Benjamin G. Lamme.
Special Issue on Power Technology and Policy: Forty Years After the 1965 Blackout.
A Time for Rejuvenation of This Journal!
Power System Control Centers: Past, Present, and Future.
Merging the Temporal and Spatial Aspects of Data and Information for Improved Power System Monitoring Applications.
Preventing Future Blackouts by Means of Enhanced Electric Power Systems Control: From Complexity to Order.
Blackout Prevention in the United States, Europe, and Russia.
Electricity Market Design: An Integrated Approach to Reliability Assurance.
Scheduling and Pricing of Coupled Energy and Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary Reserves.
Interface Between Engineering and Market Operations in Restructured Electricity Systems.
Design of Efficient Generation Markets.
Impact of Security on Power Systems Operation.
Transmission System Planning-The Old World Meets The New.
Exploring Risk-Based Approaches for ISO/RTO Asset Managers.
Power System Planning and Operation in International Markets-Perspectives From the Nordic Region and Europe.
Utilizing System Dynamics Modeling to Examine Impact of Deregulation on Generation Capacity Growth.
Brokaw Mansion: An Age of Elegance.
Prolog to Data-Hiding Codes.
Data-Hiding Codes.
Prolog to Active Harmonic Filters.
Active Harmonic Filters.
Prolog to Reactive Power Compensation Technologies.
Reactive Power Compensation Technologies: State-of-the-Art Review.
Prolog to An Overview of Twenty-Five Years of Electrical and Electronics Engineering in the Proceedings of the IEEE, 1963-1987.
An Overview of Twenty-Five Years of Electrical and Electronics Engineering in the Proceedings of the IEEE, 1963-1987.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Louis W. Austin.
Overview of Digital Television Development Worldwide.
Digital Television Station and Network Implementation.
The ATSC Digital Television System.
ATSC RF, Modulation, and Transmission.
ATSC Video and Audio Coding.
The ATSC Transport Layer, Including Program and System Information Protocol (PSIP).
Data Broadcasting and Interactive Television.
ATSC DTV Receiver Implementation.
Carriage of Digital Video and Other Services by Cable in North America.
Satellite Direct-to-Home.
DVB-The Family of International Standards for Digital Video Broadcasting.
Terrestrial DVB (DVB-T): A Broadcast Technology for Stationary Portable and Mobile Use.
DVB-H: Digital Broadcast Services to Handheld Devices.
DVB-S2: The Second Generation Standard for Satellite Broad-Band Services.
Technologies for DVB Services on the Internet.
The DVB Multimedia Home Platform (MHP) and Related Specifications.
Outline of ISDB Systems.
Transmission System for ISDB-T.
Transmission System for ISDB-T/sub SB/ (Digital Terrestrial Sound Broadcasting).
Application of MPEG-2 Systems to Terrestrial ISDB (ISDB-T).
Broadcast-Wave Relay Technology for Digital Terrestrial Television Broadcasting.
HDTV Mobile Reception in Automobiles.
Personal Mobile DTV Cellular Phone Terminal Developed for Digital Terrestrial Broadcasting With Internet Services.
Transmission System for ISDB-S.
Uplink Facilities Based on ISDB-S.
ISDB-C: Cable Television Transmission for Digital Broadcasting in Japan.
Japanese Datacasting Coding Scheme BML.
Conditional Access System for Digital Broadcasting in Japan.
Digital Television Receiver for ISDB.
Broadcasting Satellite Services for Mobile Reception.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: William L. R. Emmet.
An introduction to Block Cipher Cryptanalysis.
Cryptographic Processors-A Survey.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice Guide to Fault Attacks.
An Overview of Power Analysis Attacks Against Field Programmable Gate Arrays.
Elliptic Curve Cryptography Engineering.
Security Vulnerabilities: From Analysis to Detection and Masking Techniques.
High-Performance Software Protection Using Reconfigurable Architectures.
Internet Security: An Intrusion-Tolerance Approach.
Securing a Wireless World.
Wireless Network Security and Interworking.
Key Agreement in Peer-to-Peer Wireless Networks.
Found in the Archives: The IRE President's Book.
Real-Time Integral Imaging Based on Extremely High Resolution Video System.
Methods for Displaying Three-Dimensional Images.
Interactive 3-DTV-Concepts and Key Technologies.
Flat Projection for 3-D.
Real-Time 3-D Sensing, Visualization and Recognition of Dynamic Biological Microorganisms.
Information Display Early in the 21st Century: Overview of Selected Emissive Display Technologies.
3-D Liquid Crystal Displays and Their Applications.
Three-Dimensional Image Sensing, Visualization, and Processing Using Integral Imaging.
Coherence-Based 3-D and Spectral Imaging and Laser-Scanning Microscopy.
Transpost: 360 deg-Viewable Three-Dimensional Display System.
Three-Dimensional Imaging and Processing Using Computational Holographic Imaging.
High-Density Directional Display for Generating Natural Three-Dimensional Images.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Jonathan Zenneck.
Modeling Human Physiology: The IUPS/EMBS Physiome Project.
Channeling the Data Flood: Handling Large-Scale Biomolecular Measurements in Silico.
Mechanical Instabilities as a Central Issue for InSilico Analysis of Cell Dynamics.
Biomechanics Modeling of the Musculoskeletal Apparatus: Status and Key Issues.
Kidney Modeling: Status and Perspectives.
Lung Circulation Modeling: Status and Prospect.
Computational Methods for Cardiac Electromechanics.
Some Insights Into Computational Models of (Patho)physiological Brain Activity.
Implicit and Explicit Model-Based Signal Processing for the Analysis of Short-Term Cardiovascular Interactions.
Strategies and Tactics in Multiscale Modeling of Cell-to-Organ Systems.
Advanced Methods and Algorithms for Biological Networks Analysis.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Cummings C. Chesney.
Evolution of Terrestrial Optical System and Core Network Architecture.
Enabling Technologies for Next-Generation Optical Packet-Switching Networks.
Fiber to the Home/Fiber to the Premises: What, Where, and When?
Upgrading WDM Submarine Systems to 40-Gbit/s Channel Bitrate.
Advanced Optical Modulation Formats.
Toward High-Speed 40-Gbit/s Transponders.
Recent Advances Toward Optical Devices in Semiconductor-Based Photonic Crystals.
Challenges of Raman Amplification.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: George W. Pierce.
System-on-Chip: Reuse and Integration.
L. Embedding Mixed-Signal Design in Systems-on-Chip.
Asynchronous Techniques for System-on-Chip Design.
An Industry Perspective on Current and Future State of the Art in System-on-Chip (SoC) Technology.
Chip-Scale Integration of Data-Gathering Microsystems.
Microsensor Integration Into Systems-on-Chip.
SoC Issues for RF Smart Dust.
SoC Emerging Technologies.
Three-Dimensional Integrated Circuits and the Future of System-on-Chip Designs.
Design Tools for an Emerging SoC Technology: Quantum-Dot Cellular Automata.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Robert A. Millikan.
Market-Based Multirobot Coordination: A Survey and Analysis.
Assignment of Dynamically Perceived Tasks by Token Passing in Multirobot Systems.
Building Multirobot Coalitions Through Automated Task Solution Synthesis.
Decentralized Cooperative Aerial Surveillance Using Fixed-Wing Miniature UAVs.
Distributed Multirobot Exploration and Mapping.
Building Segment-Based Maps Without Pose Information.
Multirobot Simultaneous Localization and Mapping Using Manifold Representations.
Cooperation Issues and Distributed Sensing for Multirobot Systems.
Merging Occupancy Grid Maps From Multiple Robots.
Safe Multirobot Navigation Within Dynamics Constraints.
Incremental Coevolution With Competitive and Cooperative Tasks in a Multirobot Environment.
Coordinated Multiagent Teams and Sliding Autonomy for Large-Scale Assembly.
How Multirobot Systems Research will Accelerate our Understanding of Social Animal Behavior.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Peder O. Pedersen.
Cooling a Microprocessor Chip.
Thermal Modeling, Analysis, and Management in VLSI Circuits: Principles and Methods.
Temperature-Aware Placement for SOCs.
Dynamic Surface Temperature Measurements in ICs.
On-Chip Thermal Management With Microchannel Heat Sinks and Integrated Micropumps.
Direct Liquid Cooling of High Flux Micro and Nano Electronic Components.
Thermal Interface Materials: Historical Perspective, Status, and Future Directions.
Heat Generation and Transport in Nanometer-Scale Transistors.
Overview of Solid-State Thermoelectric Refrigerators and Possible Applications to On-Chip Thermal Management.
Nanoscale Thermal Transport and Microrefrigerators on a Chip.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Harris J. Ryan.
A Perspective on Medical Robotics.
Medical Image Computing and Computer-Aided Medical Interventions Applied to Soft Tissues: Work in Progress in Urology.
Computational Models for Image-Guided Robot-Assisted and Simulated Medical Interventions.
Computer-Assisted Orthopaedic Surgery.
Active-Constraint Robotics for Surgery.
Robotic Compensation of Biological Motion to Enhance Surgical Accuracy.
Challenges and Opportunities for Robot-Mediated Neurorehabilitation.
Therapeutic Robotics: A Technology Push.
Visual-Feedback Distortion in a Robotic Rehabilitation Environment.
Hybrid Bionic Systems for the Replacement of Hand Function.
The Developing Market for Medical Robotics.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Arthur E. Kennelly.
Fission or Fossil: Life Cycle Assessment of Hydrogen Production.
Carbon Dioxide Capture and Storage: An Overview With Emphasis on Capture and Storage in Deep Geological Formations.
Hydrogen Storage in Carbon Nanostructures: Possibilities and Challenges for Fundamental Molecular Simulations.
The Development of Fuel Cell Technology for Electric Power Generation: From NASA's Manned Space Program to the "Hydrogen Economy".
Does a Hydrogen Economy Make Sense?
An Integrated Assessment of the Impacts of Hydrogen Economy on Transportation, Energy Use, and Air Emissions.
Formulating and Implementing Public Policy for New Energy Carriers.
Using Restructured Electricity Markets in the Hydrogen Transition: The PJM Case.
Training the Spyglass: Law in Anticipation of the Hydrogen Economy.
The United Engineering Building: A Vision of Andrew Carnegie.
NIST Fingerprint Evaluations and Developments.
Probing the Uniqueness and Randomness of IrisCodes: Results From 200 Billion Iris Pair Comparisons.
Iris on the Move: Acquisition of Images for Iris Recognition in Less Constrained Environments.
Face Recognition by Humans: Nineteen Results All Computer Vision Researchers Should Know About.
Correlation Pattern Recognition for Face Recognition.
Face Recognition Using 3-D Models: Pose and Illumination.
Face Recognition Using 2-D, 3-D, and Infrared: Is Multimodal Better Than Multisample?
Automatic Recognition by Gait.
Audio-Visual Biometrics.
Prolog to Wafer Direct Bonding: From Advance Substrate Engineering to Future Applications in Micro/Nanoelectronics.
Wafer Direct Bonding: From Advanced Substrate Engineering to Future Applications in Micro/Nanoelectronics.
Prolog to Substrate Noise Coupling in SoC Design: Modeling, Avoidance, and Validation.
Substrate Noise Coupling in SoC Design: Modeling, Avoidance, and Validation.
Prolog to A Survey on Mix Networks and Their Secure Applications.
A Survey on Mix Networks and Their Secure Applications.
Scanning Our Past From the Netherlands: The Electrocardiogram Centennial: Willem Einthoven (1860-1927).
Control and Communication Challenges in Networked Real-Time Systems.
The Emergence of Industrial Control Networks for Manufacturing Control, Diagnostics, and Safety Data.
Collective Motion, Sensor Networks, and Ocean Sampling.
Control of Large-Scale Irrigation Networks.
Network-Centric Systems for Military Operations in Urban Terrain: The Role of UAVs.
Feedback Control Under Data Rate Constraints: An Overview.
A Survey of Recent Results in Networked Control Systems.
Foundations of Control and Estimation Over Lossy Networks.
Bio-Inspired Networks of Visual Sensors, Neurons, and Oscillators.
Consensus and Cooperation in Networked Multi-Agent Systems.
Tracking and Coordination of Multiple Agents Using Sensor Networks: System Design, Algorithms and Experiments.
Layering as Optimization Decomposition: A Mathematical Theory of Network Architectures.
Scanning Advanced Automobile Technology.
Control, Computing and Communications: Technologies for the Twenty-First Century Model T.
Engineering Automotive Software.
Driver Behavior and Situation Aware Brake Assistance for Intelligent Vehicles.
Trends in Crash Detection and Occupant Restraint Technology.
Systems for Safety and Autonomous Behavior in Cars: The DARPA Grand Challenge Experience.
Image-Based Traffic Monitoring With Shadow Suppression.
Driver Modeling Based on Driving Behavior and Its Evaluation in Driver Identification.
Dynamic and Partial FPGA Exploitation.
Quo Vadis, SLD? Reasoning About the Trends and Challenges of System Level Design.
Computer-Aided Design for Low-Power Robust Computing in Nanoscale CMOS.
Transistor-Level Tools for High-End Processor Custom Circuit Design at IBM.
BonnTools: Mathematical Innovation for Layout and Timing Closure of Systems on a Chip.
Techniques for Fast Physical Synthesis.
Fundamentals of Fast Simulation Algorithms for RF Circuits.
Verification of Complex Analog and RF IC Designs.
Hierarchical Modeling, Optimization, and Synthesis for System-Level Analog and RF Designs.
An Integrated CAD Methodology for Evaluating MOSFET and Parasitic Extraction Models and Variability.
The State of the Art of Electric, Hybrid, and Fuel Cell Vehicles.
Hybrid Electric Vehicles: Architecture and Motor Drives.
Modeling and Simulation of Electric and Hybrid Vehicles.
Electrical Machines and Drives for Electric, Hybrid, and Fuel Cell Vehicles.
Energy Management Power Converters in Hybrid Electric and Fuel Cell Vehicles.
Power Semiconductor Devices for Hybrid, Electric, and Fuel Cell Vehicles.
Development and Future Issues of High Voltage Systems for FCV.
Coordinated Nonlinear Speed Control Approach for SI Engine With Alternator.
Batteries and Ultracapacitors for Electric, Hybrid, and Fuel Cell Vehicles.
Emerging Energy-Efficient Technologies for Hybrid Electric Vehicles.
Large-Scale Dynamical Models and Estimation for Permeation in Biological Membrane Ion Channels.
Statistical Signal Processing and the Motor Cortex.
An Overview of Existing Methods and Recent Advances in Sequential Monte Carlo.
Models and Algorithms for Tracking of Maneuvering Objects Using Variable Rate Particle Filters.
Discrete-Time Nonlinear Filtering Algorithms Using Gauss-Hermite Quadrature.
An Information-Based Approach to Sensor Management in Large Dynamic Networks.
Syntactic Modeling and Signal Processing of Multifunction Radars: A Stochastic Context-Free Grammar Approach.
The Smooth Variable Structure Filter.
From Hierarchical to Open Access Electric Power Systems.
Solar Modal Structure of the Engineering Environment.
Channel coding: The road to channel capacity.
Turbo Decoding and Detection for Wireless Applications.
Iterative Decoding of Concatenated Convolutional Codes: Implementation Issues.
Turbo and Turbo-Like Codes: Principles and Applications in Telecommunications.
Code-Aided Turbo Synchronization.
Iterative Detection for Channels With Memory.
The Factor Graph Approach to Model-Based Signal Processing.
Recent Advances in Turbo Code Design and Theory.
Joint Source-Channel Turbo Techniques for Discrete-Valued Sources: From Theory to Practice.
Optimality and Duality of the Turbo Decoder.
Prolog to Synchronization Techniques for Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA): A Tutorial Review.
Synchronization Techniques for Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA): A Tutorial Review.
Prolog to Multi-User MIMO-OFDM for Next-Generation Wireless.
Multiuser MIMO-OFDM for Next-Generation Wireless Systems.
Prolog to Rethinking Components: From Hardware and Software to Systems.
Rethinking Components: From Hardware and Software to Systems.
Special Issue on T-Ray Imaging, Sensing, and Retection.
Terahertz Spectroscopy and Imaging for Defense and Security Applications.
T-Ray Sensing and Imaging.
Detection of Concealed Explosives at a Distance Using Terahertz Technology.
THz-Wave Spectroscopy Applied to the Detection of Illicit Drugs in Mail.
All-Optoelectronic Terahertz Imaging Systems and Examples of Their Application.
Electronic Terahertz Antennas and Probes for Spectroscopic Detection and Diagnostics.
Chemical Recognition With Broadband THz Spectroscopy.
Terahertz Measurements of Protein Relaxational Dynamics.
At the Dawn of a New Era in Terahertz Technology.
Finite-Element Method Simulations of Guided Wave Phenomena at Terahertz Frequencies.
Physical Phenomena in Electronic Materials in the Terahertz Region.
Laser Terahertz Emission Microscope.
Terahertz Time-Domain Spectroscopy for Material Characterization.
Compact, High-Power Electron Beam Based Terahertz Sources.
The Free Electron Laser at Jefferson Lab: The Technology and the Science.
Millimeter-Wave and Submillimeter-Wave Imaging for Security and Surveillance.
Standoff Detection Using Millimeter and Submillimeter Wave Spectroscopy.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Edwin W. Rice, Jr.
Special Issue on Optoelectronic Devices Based on Quantum Dots.
Quantum-Dot Optoelectronic Devices.
High-Speed Quantum-Dot Vertical-Cavity Surface-Emitting Lasers.
Quantum-Dot Semiconductor Optical Amplifiers.
High-Speed Mode-Locked Quantum-Dot Lasers and Optical Amplifiers.
InAs/InP Quantum-Dash Lasers and Amplifiers.
InP/GaInP Quantum Dots as Single-Photon Sources for Quantum Information Processing.
Quantum-Dot Sources for Single Photons and Entangled Photon Pairs.
Quantum-Dot Infrared Photodetectors.
High-Temperature Tunneling Quantum-Dot Intersublevel Detectors for Mid-Infrared to Terahertz Frequencies.
Quantum Dot Based Infrared Focal Plane Arrays.
Visible InGaN/GaN Quantum-Dot Materials and Devices.
Ge/Si Self-Assembled Quantum Dots and Their Optoelectronic Device Applications.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: John H. Dellinger.
Special Issue on Technical Advances in Deep-Space Communications and Tracking.
Prospects for a Next-Generation Deep-Space Network.
Proposed Array-Based Deep Space Network for NASA.
Uplink Arrays for the Deep Space Network.
Stable Photonic Links for Frequency and Time Transfer in the Deep-Space Network and Antenna Arrays.
Advances in Ground Transmitters for the NASA Deep Space Network.
Advances in Space Traveling-Wave Tubes for NASA Missions.
Advances in Scanning Reflectarray Antennas Based on Ferroelectric Thin-Film Phase Shifters for Deep-Space Communications.
Enabling Antenna Systems for Extreme Deep-Space Mission Applications.
Open Architecture Standard for NASA's Software-Defined Space Telecommunications Radio Systems.
Advances in Deep-Space Transponder Technology.
Deep-Space Transceivers - An Innovative Approach to Spacecraft Communications.
A Microtransceiver for UHF Proximity Links Including Mars Surface-to-Orbit Applications.
Palomar Receive Terminal (PRT) for the Mars Laser Communication Demonstration (MLCD) Project.
Design of an Optical Photon Counting Array Receiver System for Deep-Space Communications.
A Hybrid Stabilization Approach for Deep-Space Optical Communications Terminals.
Prospects for Improvement of Interplanetary Laser Communication Data Rates by 30 dB.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Bancroft Gherardi.
Special Issue on Technical Advances in Deep-Space Communications and Tracking.
The European Space Agency's Deep-Space Antennas.
GMSK Demodulator Implementation for ESA Deep-Space Missions.
The Development of Turbo and LDPC Codes for Deep-Space Applications.
Channel Coding for Future Space Missions: New Requirements and Trends.
Ka-Band Telemetry Operations Concept: A Statistical Approach.
Atmospheric Media Calibration for the Deep Space Network.
Angular Position Determination of Spacecraft by Radio Interferometry.
Range Measurement as Practiced in the Deep Space Network.
A Common Receiver Architecture for ESA Radio Science and Delta-DOR Support.
PN Regenerative Ranging and Its Compatibility With Telecommand and Telemetry Signals.
Atomic Clocks and Oscillators for Deep-Space Navigation and Radio Science.
Rescuing the Huygens Mission From Fiasco.
Information Theoretic Foundations of Adaptive Coded Modulation.
Fading Channel Prediction for Mobile Radio Adaptive Transmission Systems.
Compression of Feedback for Adaptive Transmission and Scheduling.
An Introduction to Adaptive QAM Modulation Schemes for Known and Predicted Channels.
Adaptive Signaling Based on Statistical Characterizations of Outdated Feedback in Wireless Communications.
Adaptive Transmission With Single-Carrier Multilevel BICM.
Near-Instantaneously Adaptive HSDPA-Style OFDM Versus MC-CDMA Transceivers for WIFI, WIMAX, and Next-Generation Cellular Systems.
Adaptation, Coordination, and Distributed Resource Allocation in Interference-Limited Wireless Networks.
A Unified Approach to QoS-Guaranteed Scheduling for Channel-Adaptive Wireless Networks.
Towards Systems Beyond 3G Based on Adaptive OFDMA Transmission.
System Design Issues and Performance Evaluations for Adaptive Modulation in New Wireless Access Systems.
Opportunities and Challenges of Peer-to-Peer Internet Video Broadcast.
Peer-to-Peer Live Multicast: A Video Perspective.
Media Streaming With Network Diversity.
Centralized Resource Allocation for Multimedia Traffic in IEEE 802.16 Mesh Networks.
Cross-Layer Design for QoS Support in Multihop Wireless Networks.
Multichannel Mobile Ad Hoc Links for Multimedia Communications.
Quality-Optimized and Secure End-to-End Authentication for Media Delivery.
Security and Privacy for Distributed Multimedia Sensor Networks.
Location Awareness - Improving Distributed Multimedia Communication.
Autonomic Multimedia Communications: Where Are We Now?
Reliable Multimedia Transmission Over Cognitive Radio Networks Using Fountain Codes.
Managing Distributed Networked Appliances in Home Networks.
Carbon Nanotubes for High-Performance Electronics - Progress and Prospect.
Nanoarchitectonics for Heterogeneous Integrated Nanosystems.
Nanoelectronic and Nanophotonic Interconnect.
Lithography and Other Patterning Techniques for Future Electronics.
InP Bipolar ICs: Scaling Roadmaps, Frequency Limits, Manufacturable Technologies.
GaN-Based RF Power Devices and Amplifiers.
Technologies for Cofabricating MEMS and Electronics.
Analog-to-Digital Converters: Digitizing the Analog World.
Towards Quantum Engineering.
Digital Circuit Design Challenges and Opportunities in the Era of Nanoscale CMOS.
 With Hybrid Fluorescence and Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Perfluorocarbon Nanoparticles for Molecular Imaging and Targeted Therapeutics.
The Integration of Positron Emission Tomography With Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
New Imaging Technologies to Enhance the Molecular Sensitivity of Positron Emission Tomography.
Design, Performance, and Applications of a Hybrid X-Ray/MR System for Interventional Guidance.
 Using Spectroscopic Photoacoustic Tomography.
Potential of MRI and Ultrasound Radiation Force in Elastography: Applications to Diagnosis and Therapy.
A Task-Based Approach to Adaptive and Multimodality Imaging.
State of the Art in Information Extraction and Quantitative Analysis for Multimodality Biomolecular Imaging.
Efficient Visual Search for Objects in Videos.
Query-Adaptive Fusion for Multimodal Search.
Mobile Search With Multimodal Queries.
Video Retrieval Based on Semantic Concepts.
Event Mining in Multimedia Streams.
Active Learning for Interactive Multimedia Retrieval.
Content-Based Music Information Retrieval: Current Directions and Future Challenges.
"You Tube and I Find" - Personalizing Multimedia Content Access.
Application Potential of Multimedia Information Retrieval.
Multimedia Retrieval and Delivery: Essential Metadata Challenges and Standards.
Correction to "InP Bipolar ICs: Scaling Roadmaps, Frequency Limits, Manufacturable Technologies" [Feb 08 271-286].
Rise of the Graphics Processor.
Graphics Processing Units for Handhelds.
Convergence of Recognition, Mining, and Synthesis Workloads and Its Implications.
Challenges and Opportunities in Many-Core Computing.
Scalable Programming Models for Massively Multicore Processors.
An Experimental Study of Self-Optimizing Dense Linear Algebra Software.
Self-Configuring Applications for Heterogeneous Systems: Program Composition and Optimization Using Cognitive Techniques.
Database Optimizations for Modern Hardware.
GPU Computing.
Distance Education: New Technologies and New Directions.
The iLab Shared Architecture: A Web Services Infrastructure to Build Communities of Internet Accessible Laboratories.
Technology and Tools to Enhance Distributed Engineering Education.
Semantic Knowledge Management for Education.
From WebEx to NavEx: Interactive Access to Annotated Program Examples.
Peer Review Anew: Three Principles and a Case Study in Postpublication Quality Assurance.
MIT's Strategy for Educational Technology Innovation, 1999-2003.
Designing Pre-College Engineering Curricula and Technology: Lessons Learned From the Infinity Project.
Knowledge Community: A Knowledge-Building System for Global Collaborative Project Learning.
Visual Prosthesis.
Cochlear and Brainstem Auditory Prostheses "Neural Interface for Hearing Restoration: Cochlear and Brain Stem Implants".
Functional Neuromuscular Stimulation of the Respiratory Muscles for Patients With Spinal Cord Injury.
Neural Interface Devices: Spinal Cord Stimulation Technology.
Clinical Applications of Intraspinal Microstimulation.
Deep Brain Stimulation: An Evolving Technology.
Vagus Nerve Stimulation.
Engineering Neural Interfaces for Rehabilitation of Lower Limb Function in Spinal Cord Injured.
Noninvasive Neural Prostheses Using Mobile and Wireless EEG.
Microelectrodes, Microelectronics, and Implantable Neural Microsystems.
The Design of Integrated Circuits to Observe Brain Activity.
Prediction of Distal Arm Posture in 3-D Space From Shoulder Movements for Control of Upper Limb Prostheses.
The Feasible FES System: Battery Powered BION Stimulator.
CellDesigner 3.5: A Versatile Modeling Tool for Biochemical Networks.
The Simbios National Center: Systems Biology in Motion.
Multigraph Conditions for Multistability, Oscillations and Pattern Formation in Biochemical Reaction Networks.
The Future of Large-Scale Collaborative Proteomics.
Computational Systems Bioinformatics and Bioimaging for Pathway Analysis and Drug Screening.
Fuzzy Fractal Analysis of Molecular Imaging Data.
Synthetic Images of High-Throughput Microscopy for Validation of Image Analysis Methods.
Modeling and Analyzing Biological Oscillations in Molecular Networks.
Signals and Systems: Towards a Systems Biology of Signal Transduction.
Stability and Time-Delay Modeling of Negative Feedback Loops.
Centrality, Network Capacity, and Modularity as Parameters to Analyze the Core-Periphery Structure in Metabolic Networks.
.
Prolog to Energy Harvesting From Human and Machine Motion for Wireless Electronic Devices.
Energy Harvesting From Human and Machine Motion for Wireless Electronic Devices.
Prolog to Self-Assembly at the Macroscopic Scale.
Self-Assembly at the Macroscopic Scale.
Prolog to Modeling of Nanoscale Devices.
Modeling of Nanoscale Devices.
An Introduction to Distributed Smart Cameras.
The Signal Passing Interface and Its Application to Embedded Implementation of Smart Camera Applications.
Wireless Multimedia Sensor Networks: Applications and Testbeds.
Object Detection, Tracking and Recognition for Multiple Smart Cameras.
Calibrating Distributed Camera Networks.
Smart Camera Networks in Virtual Reality.
Macroscopic Human Behavior Interpretation Using Distributed Imager and Other Sensors.
Security and Privacy in Distributed Smart Cameras.
Smart Cameras and the Right to Privacy.
Smart Camera Based Monitoring System and Its Application to Assisted Living.
Real-Time Human Pose Estimation: A Case Study in Algorithm Design for Smart Camera Networks.
Perpendicular Recording Technology: From Research to Commercialization.
The Read Channel.
Magnetic Tape for Data Storage: An Enduring Technology.
Magnetoresistive Random Access Memory: The Path to Competitiveness and Scalability.
Exchange Coupled Composite Media.
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording.
Patterned Media: Nanofabrication Challenges of Future Disk Drives.
FePt Magnetic Nanoparticles and Their Assembly for Future Magnetic Media.
 Flash Memory and Its Role in Storage Architectures.
Recent Advancements and Future Challenges of Storage Systems.
Evolution of the Global Navigation SatelliteSystem (GNSS).
Worldwide Vertical Guidance of Aircraft Based on Modernized GPS and New Integrity Augmentations.
Implementation and Operational Use of Ground-Based Augmentation Systems (GBASs) - A Component of the Future Air Traffic Management System.
Navigation, Interference Suppression, and Fault Monitoring in the Sea-Based Joint Precision Approach and Landing System.
Feedback Model of Air Transportation System Change: Implementation Challenges for Aviation Information Systems.
Secure Operation, Control, and Maintenance of Future E-Enabled Airplanes.
Airborne Communication Networks for Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems.
Graceful Degradation of Air Traffic Operations: Airspace Sensitivity to Degraded Surveillance Systems.
Intent-Based Probabilistic Conflict Detection for the Next Generation Air Transportation System.
Modeling and Optimization in Traffic Flow Management.
A Study of Tradeoffs in Scheduling Terminal-Area Operations.
Convex Formulations of Air Traffic Flow Optimization Problems.
Lump-Sum Markets for Air Traffic Flow Control With Competitive Airlines.
SoC and SiP, the Yin and Yang of the Tao for the New Electronic Era.
3-D Hyperintegration and Packaging Technologies for Micro-Nano Systems.
3-D Stacked Package Technology and Trends.
Through-Silicon Via (TSV).
High-Density Through Silicon Vias for 3-D LSIs.
System on Wafer: A New Silicon Concept in SiP.
A Model of BGA Thermal Vias as an Example of Lumped Parameter Analysis in Thermal Modeling of SiPs and Stacked Die Packages.
A Neural Network-Based Prediction Model in Embedded Processes of Gold Wire Bonding Structure for Stacked Die Package.
Signal Integrity Flow for System-in-Package and Package-on-Package Devices.
3-D Technology Assessment: Path-Finding the Technology/Design Sweet-Spot.
Mitigating Memory Wall Effects in High-Clock-Rate and Multicore CMOS 3-D Processor Memory Stacks.
Interconnect-Based Design Methodologies for Three-Dimensional Integrated Circuits.
System in Package Feasibility Process.
Non-Volatile Memories for Removable Media.
3-D Data Storage, Power Delivery, and RF/Optical Transceiver - Case Studies of 3-D Integration From System Design Perspectives.
Overview of Board-Level Solder Joint Reliability Modeling for Single Die and Stacked Die CSPs.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Frederick E. Terman [Scanning Our Past].
A Mathematical Theory of Network Interference and Its Applications.
Coexistence Between UWB and Narrow-Band Wireless Communication Systems.
Designing Time-Hopping Ultrawide Bandwidth Receivers for Multiuser Interference Environments.
An Overview of Ultra-Wide-Band Systems With MIMO.
UWB Systems for Wireless Sensor Networks.
Low-Power Impulse UWB Architectures and Circuits.
Ultra-Wide-Band Propagation Channels.
Basic Properties and Design Principles of UWB Antennas.
Position Estimation via Ultra-Wide-Band Signals.
Ranging With Ultrawide Bandwidth Signals in Multipath Environments.
Cooperative Localization in Wireless Networks.
UWB Tomographic Radar Imaging of Penetrable and Impenetrable Objects.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Philip Sporn [Scanning Our Past].
Prolog to The Transition to Solid-State Lighting.
The Transition to Solid-State Lighting.
Prolog to Semiconductor Piezoresistance for Microsystems.
Review: Semiconductor Piezoresistance for Microsystems.
Prolog to Ultra-High-Voltage Transmission in China: Developments, Current Status, and Future Prospects.
Ultra High Voltage Transmission in China: Developments, Current Status and Future Prospects.
Prolog to On the Complexity of the Verification of the Costas Property.
On the Complexity of the Verification of the Costas Property.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Vladimir K. Zworykin [Scanning Our Past].
Extending the Reach of Cognitive Radio.
Cognitive Radio Architecture Evolution.
Performance Evaluation of Cognitive Radios: Metrics, Utility Functions, and Methodology.
Cognitive Radio and Networking Research at Virginia Tech.
Language Issues for Cognitive Radio.
Sharing Spectrum Through Spectrum Policy Reform and Cognitive Radio.
Spectrum Access Games and Strategic Learning in Cognitive Radio Networks for Delay-Critical Applications.
Interference Analysis of TV-Band Whitespace.
A Framework for Cognitive WiMAX With Frequency Agility.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Joseph Slepian [Scanning Our Past].
Propagation Issues for Cognitive Radio.
Signal Processing in Cognitive Radio.
What is a Spectrum Hole and What Does it Take to Recognize One?
Spectrum Sensing for Cognitive Radio.
Cooperative Communications for Cognitive Radio Networks.
Breaking Spectrum Gridlock With Cognitive Radios: An Information Theoretic Perspective.
Robust Transmit Power Control for Cognitive Radio.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Walter R. G. Baker [Scanning Our Past].
Technologies for Photonic Sensor Systems.
Optical Techniques for Detecting and Identifying Biological-Warfare Agents.
Automated Three-Dimensional Identification and Tracking of Micro/Nanobiological Organisms by Computational Holographic Microscopy.
Nonlinear Ultrafast Focal-Point Optics for Microscopic Imaging, Manipulation, and Machining.
Automated Hyperspectral Cueing for Civilian Search and Rescue.
Recent Advances in LWIR Type-II InAs/GaSb Superlattice Photodetectors and Focal Plane Arrays at the Center for Quantum Devices.
Progress in 3-D Multiperspective Display by Integral Imaging.
A Review of Phased Array Steering for Narrow-Band Electrooptical Systems.
A Characterization of Shannon Entropy and Bhattacharyya Measure of Contrast in Polarimetric and Interferometric SAR Image.
Hybrid Optical RF Airborne Communications.
Optical Techniques for Information Security.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Karl B. McEachron [Scanning Our Past].
Device Requirements for Optical Interconnects to Silicon Chips.
On-Chip Optical Interconnect.
Recent Progress in High-Speed Silicon-Based Optical Modulators.
Cascaded Microresonator-Based Matrix Switch for Silicon On-Chip Optical Interconnection.
High-Performance Quantum Dot Lasers and Integrated Optoelectronics on Si.
Silicon Nanocrystals as an Enabling Material for Silicon Photonics.
Photonic Properties of Er-Doped Crystalline Silicon.
Silicon-Germanium Nanostructures for Light Emitters and On-Chip Optical Interconnects.
Silicon Organic Hybrid Technology - A Platform for Practical Nonlinear Optics.
Negative Index Materials With Gain Media for Fast Optical Modulation.
Si Photonics and Fiber to the Home.
Computer Systems Based on Silicon Photonic Interconnects.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: William L. Everitt [Scanning Our Past].
Radio Astronomy in the Early Twenty-First Century.
The Green Bank Telescope.
Preparatory Study for Constructing FAST, the World's Largest Single Dish.
The Herschel and Planck Space Telescopes.
Performance Improvement of a Flexible Telescope Through Metrology and Active Control.
The Long Wavelength Array.
The LOFAR Telescope: System Architecture and Signal Processing.
The Allen Telescope Array: The First Widefield, Panchromatic, Snapshot Radio Camera for Radio Astronomy and SETI.
The Expanded Very Large Array.
The Atacama Large Millimeter/Submillimeter Array.
Advances in Calibration and Imaging Techniques in Radio Interferometry.
The Square Kilometre Array.
The Murchison Widefield Array: Design Overview.
Australian SKA Pathfinder: A High-Dynamic Range Wide-Field of View Survey Telescope.
MeerKAT - The South African Array With Composite Dishes and Wide-Band Single Pixel Feeds.
Extending the Field of View With Phased Array Techniques: Results of European SKA Research.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Oliver E. Buckley [Scanning Our Past].
Transport of Photogenerated Charge Carriers in Polymer Semiconductors.
Materials and Applications for Solution-Processed Organic Field-Effect Transistors.
Organic Memory and Electrical Bistability in a Quinone-Based Charge-Transfer Complex.
Multiscale Modeling of Charge and Energy Transport in Organic Light-Emitting Diodes and Photovoltaics.
Singlet Generation Yields in Organic Light-Emitting Diodes.
Efficiency and Stability of p-i-n Type Organic Light Emitting Diodes for Display and Lighting Applications.
Organic Devices for Integrated Photonics.
Organic Semiconductor Optical Amplifiers.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Harald T. Friis [Scanning Our Past].
Prolog to Solution Processed Quantum Dot Photodetectors.
Solution-Processed Quantum Dot Photodetectors.
Prolog to Analog Circuit Design in Nanoscale CMOS Technologies.
Analog Circuit Design in Nanoscale CMOS Technologies.
Prolog to Circuit Elements With Memory: Memristors, Memcapacitors, and Meminductors.
Circuit Elements With Memory: Memristors, Memcapacitors, and Meminductors.
Prolog to Achieving Competence-Based Curricula for Engineering Education in Spain.
Achieving Competence-Based Curriculum in Engineering Education in Spain.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Charles F. Kettering [Scanning Our Past].
Practical Issues in the Use of NdFeB Permanent Magnets in Maglev, Motors, Bearings, and Eddy Current Brakes.
Indirect Vector Control of a Redundant Linear Induction Motor for Aircraft Launch.
Optimizing Operation of Segmented Stator Linear Synchronous Motors.
Multilevel Converters: An Enabling Technology for High-Power Applications.
Modeling and Simulation in Support of System Level Design for High Acceleration Linear Motors.
SuperPower's YBCO Coated High-Temperature Superconducting (HTS) Wire and Magnet Applications.
Electrochemical Double-Layer Capacitors Using Carbon Nanotube Electrode Structures.
A Novel MagPipe Pipeline Transportation System Using Linear Motor Drives.
Vectus - Intelligent Transport.
General Atomics Linear Motor Applications: Moving Towards Deployment.
The Linear Motor Powered Transportation Development and Application in China.
Outlook of the Superconducting Maglev.
Korea's Urban Maglev Program.
Linear Motor-Powered Transportation: History, Present Status, and Future Outlook.
Efficient and Affordable Maglev Opportunities in the United States.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: John V.L. Hogan [Scanning Our Past].
Review of Computational Anthropomorphic Anatomical and Physiological Models.
MCAT to XCAT: The Evolution of 4-D Computerized Phantoms for Imaging Research.
China Physiome Project: A Comprehensive Framework for Anatomical and Physiological Databases From the China Digital Human and the Visible Rat.
The Use of Computational Patient Models to Assess the Risk of Developing Radiation-Induced Cancers From Radiation Therapy of the Primary Cancer.
Sectioned Images of the Cadaver Head Including the Brain and Correspondences With Ultrahigh Field 7.0 T MRIs.
3-D Rat Brain Phantom for High-Resolution Molecular Imaging.
Development of a Rat Computational Phantom Using Boundary Representation Method for Monte Carlo Simulation in Radiological Imaging.
Voxel-Based Variable Posture Models of Human Anatomy.
hboxF-FDG Distributions for Oncology Applications.
The Application of a Statistical Shape Model to Diaphragm Tracking in Respiratory-Gated Cardiac PET Images.
Visible Human Utilization to Render Induced Electric Field and Current Density Images Inside the Human.
Hybrid Patient-Dependent Phantoms Covering Statistical Distributions of Body Morphometry in the U.S. Adult and Pediatric Population.
Impact of Mouse Model on Preclinical Dosimetry in Targeted Radionuclide Therapy.
Monte Carlo Simulations of Photon Absorbed Fractions in a Frog Voxel Phantom.
An Algorithm for Lymphatic Node Placement in Hybrid Computational Phantoms - Applications to Radionuclide Therapy Dosimetry.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: William B. Kouwenhoven [Scanning Our Past].
Dimensions in Medical Imaging: The More the Better? [Point of View].
Prolog to The Future of Integrated Circuits: A Survey of Nanoelectronics.
The Future of Integrated Circuits: A Survey of Nanoelectronics.
Prolog to Keeping the Energy Debate Clean: How Do We Supply the World's Energy Needs?
Keeping the Energy Debate Clean: How Do We Supply the World's Energy Needs?
Prolog to Single Carrier Modulation With Nonlinear Frequency Domain Equalization: An Idea Whose Time Has Come - Again.
Single Carrier Modulation With Nonlinear Frequency Domain Equalization: An Idea Whose Time Has Come - Again.
Prolog to A Survey of BGP Security Issues and Solutions.
A Survey of BGP Security Issues and Solutions.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Originator of Teletraffic Theory [Scanning Our Past].
Heterogeneous Networking: An Enabling Paradigm for Ubiquitous Wireless Communications [Point of View].
Introduction to Special Issue on Circuit Technology for ULP.
SmartReflex Power and Performance Management Technologies for 90 nm, 65 nm, and 45 nm Mobile Application Processors.
Digital Computation in Subthreshold Region for Ultralow-Power Operation: A Device-Circuit-Architecture Codesign Perspective.
Technologies for Ultradynamic Voltage Scaling.
Practical Strategies for Power-Efficient Computing Technologies.
Ultralow-Power Design in Near-Threshold Region.
Near-Threshold Computing: Reclaiming Moore's Law Through Energy Efficient Integrated Circuits.
Flexible Circuits and Architectures for Ultralow Power.
Power and Energy Perspectives of Nonvolatile Memory Technologies.
Ultralow-Power Operation in Subthreshold Regimes Applying Clockless Logic.
Zero-Crossing-Based Ultra-Low-Power A/D Converters.
FDSOI Process Technology for Subthreshold-Operation Ultralow-Power Electronics.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Julius A. Stratton [Scanning Our Past].
The Economic Limit to Moore's Law [Point of View].
Advances in Neural and Cognitive Engineering.
The Neurobiological Basis of Cognition: Identification by Multi-Input, Multioutput Nonlinear Dynamic Modeling.
Listening to Brain Microcircuits for Interfacing With External World - Progress in Wireless Implantable Microelectronic Neuroengineering Devices.
In vitro Verification of a 3-D Regenerative Neural Interface Design: Examination of Neurite Growth and Electrical Properties Within a Bifurcating Microchannel Structure.
Designing Neural Networks in Culture.
Decoding Information From Neural Signals Recorded Using Intraneural Electrodes: Toward the Development of a Neurocontrolled Hand Prosthesis.
Biological-Machine Systems Integration: Engineering the Neural Interface.
Multichannel Intraneural and Intramuscular Techniques for Multiunit Recording and Use in Active Prostheses.
A Novel Approach to Monitor Rehabilitation Outcomes in Stroke Survivors Using Wearable Technology.
In a Blink of an Eye and a Switch of a Transistor: Cortically Coupled Computer Vision.
The Geometry of Visual Perception: Retinotopic and Nonretinotopic Representations in the Human Visual System.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: John R. Pierce [Scanning Our Past].
Virtual Biopsy [Point of View].
Scanning the Issue.
Scanning Advances in Aerospace & Automobile Software Technology.
Safety-Driven Design for Software-Intensive Aerospace and Automotive Systems.
Seamless Model-Based Development: From Isolated Tools to Integrated Model Engineering Environments.
Integration of Collaborative Analyses for Development of Embedded Control Software.
Addressing the Integration Challenge for Avionics and Automotive Systems - From Components to Rich Services.
Hardware/Software Codesign of Aerospace and Automotive Systems.
Moving From Federated to Integrated Architectures in Automotive: The Role of Standards, Methods and Tools.
Challenges and Solutions for Embedded and Networked Aerospace Software Systems.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Albert W. Hull [Scanning Our Past].
Network Coding - The Magic of Mixing [Point of View].
Satellite Remote Sensing Missions for Monitoring Water, Carbon, and Global Climate Change.
SMOS: The Challenging Sea Surface Salinity Measurement From Space.
The SMOS Mission: New Tool for Monitoring Key Elements ofthe Global Water Cycle.
Aquarius and Remote Sensing of Sea Surface Salinity from Space.
The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Mission.
Global Change Observation Mission (GCOM) for Monitoring Carbon, Water Cycles, and Climate Change.
The ICESat-2 Laser Altimetry Mission.
Cold Regions Hydrology High-Resolution Observatory for Snow and Cold Land Processes.
The Surface Water and Ocean Topography Mission: Observing Terrestrial Surface Water and Oceanic Submesoscale Eddies.
Advanced Land Observing Satellite (ALOS) and Monitoring Global Environmental Change.
RADARSAT-2 and Coastal Applications: Surface Wind, Waterline, and Intertidal Flat Roughness.
Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) Missions Employing Formation Flying.
Advancement of Chinese Meteorological Feng-Yun (FY) and Oceanic Hai-Yang (HY) Satellite Remote Sensing.
Monitoring the Hydrologic Cycle With the PATH Mission.
FORMOSAT-2 Mission: Current Status and Contributions to Earth Observations.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Wilmer L. Barrow [Scanning Our Past].
M-Payment Between Banks Using SMS [Point of View].
Applications of Sparse Representation and Compressive Sensing.
Scanning the Technology.
Precise Undersampling Theorems.
Matrix Completion With Noise.
Sparse Recovery Using Sparse Matrices.
Computational Methods for Sparse Solution of Linear Inverse Problems.
Low-Dimensional Models for Dimensionality Reduction and Signal Recovery: A Geometric Perspective.
On the Role of Sparse and Redundant Representations in Image Processing.
Image Decomposition and Separation Using Sparse Representations: An Overview.
Sparse Representations in Audio and Music: From Coding to Source Separation.
Sparsity and Compressed Sensing in Radar Imaging.
Astronomical Data Analysis and Sparsity: From Wavelets to Compressed Sensing.
Sparse Representation for Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition.
Dictionaries for Sparse Representation Modeling.
Compressed Channel Sensing: A New Approach to Estimating Sparse Multipath Channels.
Distributed Sensor Perception via Sparse Representation.
Compressive Sensing on a CMOS Separable-Transform Image Sensor.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Emory L. Chaffee [Scanning Our Past].
Vehicular Communications: Ubiquitous Networks for Sustainable Mobility [Point of View].
Challenges and Opportunities in GaN and ZnO Devices and Materials.
Ultrafast Removal of LO-Mode Heat From a GaN-Based Two-Dimensional Channel.
Status of Reliability of GaN-Based Heterojunction Field Effect Transistors.
Small Signal Equivalent Circuit Modeling for AlGaN/GaN HFET: Hybrid Extraction Method for Determining Circuit Elements of AlGaN/GaN HFET.
GaN Power Transistors on Si Substrates for Switching Applications.
Solid-State Lighting: An Integrated Human Factors, Technology, and Economic Perspective.
GaN-Based Light-Emitting Diodes: Efficiency at High Injection Levels.
High Brightness GaN Vertical Light-Emitting Diodes on Metal Alloy for General Lighting Application.
Structural Defects and Degradation Phenomena in High-Power Pure-Blue InGaN-Based Laser Diodes.
Degradation Mechanisms of InGaN Laser Diodes.
Wide Bandgap Semiconductor-Based Surface-Emitting Lasers: Recent Progress in GaN-Based Vertical Cavity Surface-Emitting Lasers and GaN-/ZnO-Based Polariton Lasers.
Intersubband Transition-Based Processes and Devices in AlN/GaN-Based Heterostructures.
Resonant Tunneling in III-Nitrides.
ZnO Devices and Applications: A Review of Current Status and Future Prospects.
Doping Asymmetry Problem in ZnO: Current Status and Outlook.
ZnO-GaN Hybrid Heterostructures as Potential Cost-Efficient LED Technology.
Ferromagnetism in ZnO- and GaN-Based Diluted Magnetic Semiconductors: Achievements and Challenges.
Growth of Bulk GaN and AlN: Progress and Challenges.
The Ammonothermal Crystal Growth of Gallium Nitride - A Technique on the Up Rise.
GaN Substrates for III-Nitride Devices.
Bulk ZnO: Current Status, Challenges, and Prospects.
Comments on "Negative Index Materials With Gain Media for Fast Optical Modulation".
Reply to "Comments on "Negative Index Materials With Gain Media for Fast Optical Modulation"".
Comments on "Consensus and cooperation in networked multi-agent systems".
Reply to "Comments on "Consensus and Cooperation in Networked Multi-Agent Systems"".
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: George H. Brown [Scanning Our Past].
Cyber-Physical Systems: Close Encounters Between Two Parallel Worlds [Point of View].
Internet Vision.
Scene Reconstruction and Visualization From Community Photo Collections.
Infinite Images: Creating and Exploring a Large Photorealistic Virtual Space.
Toward Large-Scale Face Recognition Using Social Network Context.
Contextual Internet Multimedia Advertising.
It's All About the Data.
Learning Object Categories From Internet Image Searches.
LabelMe: Online Image Annotation and Applications.
I2T: Image Parsing to Text Description.
Image Interpretation Using Large Corpus: Wikipedia.
Vision of a Visipedia.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Harry Nyquist [Scanning Our Past].
A Measure of Machine Intelligence [Point of View].
RFID - A Unique Radio Innovation for the 21st Century.
Shunt Behavior in RFID UHF Tag According to ISO Standards and Manufacturer Requirements.
Electromagnetic Modeling of RFID-Modulated Scattering Mechanism. Application to Tag Performance Evaluation.
Ultrawide Bandwidth RFID: The Next Generation?
RFID: From Supply Chains to Sensor Nets.
Low-Cost, Ubiquitous RFID-Tag-Antenna-Based Sensing.
Progress Towards the First Wireless Sensor Networks Consisting of Inkjet-Printed, Paper-Based RFID-Enabled Sensor Tags.
The Effect of Conductive Ink Layer Thickness on the Functioning of Printed UHF RFID Antennas.
Vibration Energy Harvesting for Disaster Asset Monitoring Using Active RFID Tags.
Long Range Passive UHF RFID System Using HVAC Ducts.
Logical RFID Reader Using Hybrid Active-Passive Solution.
Antennas and Propagation of Implanted RFIDs for Pervasive Healthcare Applications.
Dual-Frequency Active RFID Solution for Tracking Patients in a Children's Hospital. Design Method, Test Procedure, Risk Analysis, and Technical Solution.
Planetary-Scale RFID Services in an Age of Uberveillance.
Unpacking the RFID Investment Decision.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Edward V. Appleton [Scanning Our Past].
Radio as a Science Tool [Point of View].
Prolog to Audiovisual Information Fusion in Human-Computer Interfaces and Intelligent Environments: A Survey.
Audiovisual Information Fusion in Human-Computer Interfaces and Intelligent Environments: A Survey.
Prolog to Parameter Variation Tolerance and Error Resiliency: New Design Paradigm for the Nanoscale Era.
Parameter Variation Tolerance and Error Resiliency: New Design Paradigm for the Nanoscale Era.
Prolog to A Survey of Trust and Reputation Management Systems in Wireless Communications.
A Survey of Trust and Reputation Management Systems in Wireless Communications.
Prolog to A Systemized View of Superluminal Wave Propagation.
A Systemized View of Superluminal Wave Propagation.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: George C. Southworth [Scanning Our Past].
Ideas are Like Rabbits! [Point of View].
Perceptual Video Processing: Seeing the Future.
Special issue on sensor network applications.
Circuit Design Advances for Wireless Sensing Applications.
Fundamentals of Large Sensor Networks: Connectivity, Capacity, Clocks, and Computation.
Gossip Algorithms for Distributed Signal Processing.
IPv6 in Low-Power Wireless Networks.
Database Abstractions for Managing Sensor Network Data.
Real-Time Search for Real-World Entities: A Survey.
Environmental Wireless Sensor Networks.
Measurement Scheduling for Soil Moisture Sensing: From Physical Models to Optimal Control.
Embedded Imagers: Detecting, Localizing, and Recognizing Objects and Events in Natural Habitats.
Wireless Sensor Networks for Healthcare.
RF Sensor Networks for Device-Free Localization: Measurements, Models, and Algorithms.
Francisco Salva's Electric Telegraph [Scanning Our Past].
Quantum computers: A status update [Point of View].
Nanoelectronics Research for Beyond CMOS Information Processing.
Regional, National, and International Nanoelectronics Research Programs: Topical Concentration and Gaps.
In Quest of the "Next Switch": Prospects for Greatly Reduced Power Dissipation in a Successor to the Silicon Field-Effect Transistor.
Carbon Nanotubes for VLSI: Interconnect and Transistor Applications.
Graphene for CMOS and Beyond CMOS Applications.
III-V Nanowires - Extending a Narrowing Road.
Enhancing CMOS Using Nanoelectronic Devices: A Perspective on Hybrid Integrated Systems.
Mechanical Computing Redux: Relays for Integrated Circuit Applications.
Low-Voltage Tunnel Transistors for Beyond CMOS Logic.
Molecular Nanoelectronics.
Spin-Transistor Electronics: An Overview and Outlook.
The Promise of Nanomagnetics and Spintronics for Future Logic and Universal Memory.
Device and Architecture Outlook for Beyond CMOS Switches.
Memory Devices: Energy-Space-Time Tradeoffs.
Phase Change Memory.
The Atomic Switch.
Resistive Random Access Memory (ReRAM) Based on Metal Oxides.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame: Irving Langmuir [Scanning Our Past].
Multiple-Energy Carriers: Modeling of Production, Delivery, and Consumption.
Integration Issues of Distributed Generation in Distribution Grids.
Smart Operation of Smart Grid: Risk-Limiting Dispatch.
Dynamic Monitoring and Decision Systems for Enabling Sustainable Energy Services.
Wide-Area Monitoring, Protection, and Control of Future Electric Power Networks.
Mitigating Blackouts via Smart Relays: A Machine Learning Approach.
An Integrated Framework for Smart Microgrids Modeling, Monitoring, Control, Communication, and Verification.
The Future Renewable Electric Energy Delivery and Management (FREEDM) System: The Energy Internet.
Green Cloud Computing: Balancing Energy in Processing, Storage, and Transport.
Integration of Electric Vehicles in the Electric Power System.
Achieving Controllability of Electric Loads.
Demand Response With Micro-CHP Systems.
Wind Integration in Power Systems: Operational Challenges and Possible Solutions.
Is electrical noise useful? [Point of View].
Prolog to "Growing Cells Atop Microelectronic Chips: Interfacing Electrogenic Cells In Vitro With CMOS-Based Microelectrode Arrays".
Growing Cells Atop Microelectronic Chips: Interfacing Electrogenic Cells In Vitro With CMOS-Based Microelectrode Arrays.
Prolog to "Fifty Years of Acoustic Feedback Control: State of the Art and Future Challenges".
Fifty Years of Acoustic Feedback Control: State of the Art and Future Challenges.
Prolog to "Privacy-Aware Design Principles for Information Networks".
Privacy-Aware Design Principles for Information Networks.
Network Coding: A Historical Perspective.
Linear Network Coding: Theory and Algorithms.
Network Coding and Matroid Theory.
Theory and Applications of Network Error Correction Coding.
Theory of Secure Network Coding.
Reliable Physical Layer Network Coding.
Network Coding: Beyond Throughput Benefits.
A Survey on Network Codes for Distributed Storage.
Network Coding Meets TCP: Theory and Implementation.
Random Network Coding in Peer-to-Peer Networks: From Theory to Practice.
State of the Art in Stereoscopic and Autostereoscopic Displays.
Three-Dimensional Optical Sensing and Visualization Using Integral Imaging.
Digital Holographic Three-Dimensional Video Displays.
Production Rules for Stereo Acquisition.
Three-Dimensional Video Postproduction and Processing.
Overview of the Stereo and Multiview Video Coding Extensions of the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC Standard.
3-D Video Representation Using Depth Maps.
Multichannel Audio Coding Based on Analysis by Synthesis.
Transport and Storage Systems for 3-D Video Using MPEG-2 Systems, RTP, and ISO File Format.
Infrastructures for Home Delivery, Interfacing, Captioning, and Viewing of 3-D Content.
Flexible Transport of 3-D Video Over Networks.
Three-Dimensional Media for Mobile Devices.
Goldstone Solar System Radar Observatory: Earth-Based Planetary Mission Support and Unique Science Results.
Geologic Studies of Planetary Surfaces Using Radar Polarimetric Imaging.
Uplink Arraying for Solar System Radar and Radio Science.
The SHAllow RADar (SHARAD) Onboard the NASA MRO Mission.
The Lunar Mini-RF Radars: Hybrid Polarimetric Architecture and Initial Results.
WISDOM GPR Designed for Shallow and High-Resolution Sounding of the Martian Subsurface.
Subsurface Radar Sounding of the Jovian Moon Ganymede.
Polarization in Bistatic Radar Probing of Planetary Surfaces: Application to Mars Express Data.
The Planned Space Science Utilizations of the New Sardinia 64-m Radio Telescope.
Detecting High Dynamics Signals From Open-Loop Radio Science Investigations.
A Prototype Radio Transient Survey Instrument for Piggyback Deep Space Network Tracking.
Smoothing Criteria for Regularized Matrix Inversion of Bistatic Radar Echoes.
Challenges and Opportunities in Smart Grid: A Position Article.
Smart Generation and Transmission With Coherent, Real-Time Data.
A Multilevel State Estimation Paradigm for Smart Grids.
Translational Knowledge: From Collecting Data to Making Decisions in a Smart Grid.
For the Grid and Through the Grid: The Role of Power Line Communications in the Smart Grid.
Multigate Communication Network for Smart Grid.
High-Assurance Smart Grid: A Three-Part Model for Smart Grid Control Systems.
Options for Control of Reactive Power by Distributed Photovoltaic Generators.
Smart Distribution: Coupled Microgrids.
Advances in Wind Energy Technologies in the Context of Smart Grid.
Adaptive Stochastic Control for the Smart Grid.
Vehicle Electrification: Status and Issues.
The Role of Energy Storage in Development of Smart Grids.
Dedicated Short-Range Communications (DSRC) Standards in the United States.
On Medium Access and Physical Layer Standards for Cooperative Intelligent Transport Systems in Europe.
Vehicular Channel Characterization and Its Implications for Wireless System Design and Performance.
Cooperative Intelligent Transport Systems: 5.9-GHz Field Trials.
Waveform Design and Signal Processing Aspects for Fusion of Wireless Communications and Radar Sensing.
Congestion and Awareness Control in Cooperative Vehicular Systems.
CORNER: A Radio Propagation Model for VANETs in Urban Scenarios.
Virtual Drive: A Complete V2X Communication and Radar System Simulator for Optimization of Multiple Antenna Systems.
Enabling Accurate Cross-Layer PHY/MAC/NET Simulation Studies of Vehicular Communication Networks.
Prolog to "Near-Capacity Wireless Transceivers and Cooperative Communications in the MIMO Era: Evolution of Standards, Waveform Design, and Future Perspectives".
Near-Capacity Wireless Transceivers and Cooperative Communications in the MIMO Era: Evolution of Standards, Waveform Design, and Future Perspectives.
Prolog to "State of the Art in 60-GHz Integrated Circuits and Systems for Wireless Communications".
State of the Art in 60-GHz Integrated Circuits and Systems for Wireless Communications.
Prolog to "Estimating the Energy Use and Efficiency Potential of U.S. Data Centers".
Estimating the Energy Use and Efficiency Potential of U.S. Data Centers.
Experimental Study and Modeling of Group Retrieval in Ants as an Approach to Collective Transport in Swarm Robotic Systems.
Dynamic Vehicle Routing for Robotic Systems.
Deterministic Gossiping.
Graph-Theoretic Connectivity Control of Mobile Robot Networks.
Eyes in the Sky: Decentralized Control for the Deployment of Robotic Camera Networks.
Toward Robotic Sensor Webs: Algorithms, Systems, and Experiments.
Control of Ensembles of Aerial Robots.
Admiral Byrd's Antarctic Expedition and the First Graf Zeppelin [Scanning our Past].
Electromagnetic Design With Transformation Optics.
Anisotropic Transmission-Line Metamaterials for 2-D Transformation Optics Applications.
Broadband Electromagnetic Cloaking Realized With Transmission-Line and Waveguiding Structures.
Bulk Metamaterials Made of Resonant Rings.
Optical Metamaterials Based on Optical Nanocircuits.
Development of Bulk Optical Negative Index Fishnet Metamaterials: Achieving a Low-Loss and Broadband Response Through Coupling.
Bianisotropic Effective Parameters of Optical Metamagnetics and Negative-Index Materials.
Recent Advances in Metamaterial Transmission Lines Based on Split Rings.
Metamaterial Dispersion Engineering Concepts and Applications.
Metamaterial-Inspired Engineering of Antennas.
Narrowband and Wideband Metamaterial Antennas Based on Degenerate Band Edge and Magnetic Photonic Crystals.
Evolution of Composite Right/Left-Handed Leaky-Wave Antennas.
Steering Phased Array Antenna Beams to the Horizon Using a Buckyball NIM Lens.
Strong Light Confinement With Periodicity.
The Fundamental Physics of Directive Beaming at Microwave and Optical Frequencies and the Role of Leaky Waves.
Near-Field Plates: Metamaterial Surfaces/Arrays for Subwavelength Focusing and Probing.
Reviewing a Century of Electrical Engineering Progress: Approaching 100 Years of Publication.
Quantum Energy for Space.
Aerospace Communications and Networking in the Next Two Decades: Current Trends and Future Perspectives [Scanning the Issue].
1945-2010: 65 Years of Satellite History From Early Visions to Latest Missions.
EHF for Satellite Communications: The New Broadband Frontier.
Satellite Radiolocalization From GPS to GNSS and Beyond: Novel Technologies and Applications for Civil Mass Market.
The Future of Satellite TV: The Wide Range of Applications of the DVB-S2 Standard and Perspectives.
Aerospace Communications for Emergency Applications.
The Role of High-Altitude Platforms (HAPs) in the Global Wireless Connectivity.
Energy Efficiency and Satellite Networking: A Holistic Overview.
Delay- and Disruption-Tolerant Networking (DTN): An Alternative Solution for Future Satellite Networking Applications.
Load Balancing and QoS Provisioning Based on Congestion Prediction for GEO/LEO Hybrid Satellite Networks.
Design of Flower Constellations for Telecommunication Services.
Deep-Space Optical Communications: Future Perspectives and Applications.
Future E-Enabled Aircraft Communications and Security: The Next 20 Years and Beyond.
Reliability Options for Data Communications in the Future Deep-Space Missions.
The Origins of Behn's "International System".
The Importance of the New Developments in Antennas for Wireless Communications.
Scanning the Issue.
Peer-to-Peer Media Streaming: Insights and New Developments.
Peer-to-Peer Media Streaming: Insights and New Developments.
Electric Field-Shaping Microdevices for Manipulation of Collections of Microscale Objects.
Electric Field-Shaping Microdevices for Manipulation of Collections of Microscale Objects.
Applications, Architectures, and Protocol Design Issues for Mobile Social Networks: A Survey.
Applications, Architectures, and Protocol Design Issues for Mobile Social Networks: A Survey.
Marine Energy: The Key for the Development of Sustainable Energy Supply.
Special Issue on Cyber-Physical Systems [Scanning the Issue].
Modeling Cyber-Physical Systems.
Toward a Science of Cyber-Physical System Integration.
Distributed Real-Time Software for Cyber-Physical Systems.
Toward Continuous State-Space Regulation of Coupled Cyber-Physical Systems.
Challenges and Research Directions in Medical Cyber-Physical Systems.
Body Sensor Networks: A Holistic Approach From Silicon to Users.
A Mining Technique Using $N$ n-Grams and Motion Transcripts for Body Sensor Network Data Repository.
Cyber-Physical Modeling of Implantable Cardiac Medical Devices.
Powering a Ventricular Assist Device (VAD) With the Free-Range Resonant Electrical Energy Delivery (FREE-D) System.
Real-Time Feedback-Controlled Robotic Fish for Behavioral Experiments With Fish Schools.
Robust Control for Mobility and Wireless Communication in Cyber-Physical Systems With Application to Robot Teams.
A Hierarchical Flight Planning Framework for Air Traffic Management.
Cyber-Physical Security of a Smart Grid Infrastructure.
Cyber-Physical System Security for the Electric Power Grid.
A Hybrid System Approach to the Analysis and Design of Power Grid Dynamic Performance.
Reducing Transient and Steady State Electricity Consumption in HVAC Using Learning-Based Model-Predictive Control.
A Cyber-Physical Systems Approach to Data Center Modeling and Control for Energy Efficiency.
Distributed Coordination of Internet Data Centers Under Multiregional Electricity Markets.
Ensuring Safety, Security, and Sustainability of Mission-Critical Cyber-Physical Systems.
Energy Storage & the Grid - From Characteristics to Impact [Point of View].
Addressing the Intermittency Challenge: Massive Energy Storage in a Sustainable Future [Scanning the Issue].
The Potential of Intermittent Renewables to Meet Electric Power Demand: Current Methods and Emerging Analytical Techniques.
How Thermal Energy Storage Enhances the Economic Viability of Concentrating Solar Power.
The Future of Renewables Linked by a Transnational Asian Grid.
State of the Art in Ultrahigh-Voltage Transmission.
A Review of Ammonia-Based Thermochemical Energy Storage for Concentrating Solar Power.
Seasonal Energy Storage in a Renewable Energy System.
Hydrogen Production From Water Electrolysis: Current Status and Future Trends.
Electricity Powering Combustion: Hydrogen Engines.
, Water, and Renewable Energy.
A Thermodynamic Analysis of Multistage Adiabatic CAES.
The History, Present State, and Future Prospects of Underground Pumped Hydro for Massive Energy Storage.
Geotechnical Issues in the Creation of Underground Reservoirs for Massive Energy Storage.
Concept and Development of a Pumped Heat Electricity Storage Device.
Molten-Salt Power Towers: Newly Commercial Concentrating Solar Storage.
High-Temperature Solid-Media Thermal Energy Storage for Solar Thermal Power Plants.
Review of Solar Thermal Storage Techniques and Associated Heat Transfer Technologies.
Concentrating Solar Thermal Heat Storage Using Metal Hydrides.
The Research University of the Future.
Interaction Dynamics: The Interface of Humans and Smart Machines.
Moral Decision Making in Autonomous Systems: Enforcement, Moral Emotions, Dignity, Trust, and Deception.
Autonomy Spectrum and Performance Perception Issues in Swarm Supervisory Control.
A Sketch Interface for Robust and Natural Robot Control.
Human-Oriented Control for Haptic Teleoperation.
Building and Verifying a Predictive Model of Interruption Resumption.
The Impact of Human-Automation Collaboration in Decentralized Multiple Unmanned Vehicle Control.
A Dynamical Queue Approach to Intelligent Task Management for Human Operators.
Accuracy and Decision Time for Sequential Decision Aggregation.
A Decision Task in a Social Context: Human Experiments, Models, and Analyses of Behavioral Data.
Deterministic Modeling and Evaluation of Decision-Making Dynamics in Sequential Two-Alternative Forced Choice Tasks.
Towards Human-Robot Teams: Model-Based Analysis of Human Decision Making in Two-Alternative Choice Tasks With Social Feedback.
Decision Making for Rapid Information Acquisition in the Reconnaissance of Random Fields.
Proceedings of the IEEE Through 100 Years: 1920-1929.
Corrections to "Hydrogen Production From Water Electrolysis: Current Status and Future Trends".
Do We Need Video Systems "Beyond HDTV"?
Frontiers of Audiovisual Communications: New Convergences of Broadband Communications, Computing, and Rich Media.
Frontiers of Wireless and Mobile Communications.
Next-Generation Applications on Cellular Networks: Trends, Challenges, and Solutions.
Evolution of Optical Networking Toward Rich Digital Media Services.
The Evolution of Video Processing Technology and Its Main Drivers.
Large-Scale Situation Awareness With Camera Networks and Multimodal Sensing.
Multimedia Standards: Interfaces to Innovation.
FTV for 3-D Spatial Communication.
Display Holography's Digital Second Act.
Here We Are! Where Are We? Locating Mixed Reality in The Age of the Smartphone.
Haptic Communications.
Communication Technologies for People With Sensory Disabilities.
The Road to Immersive Communication.
Digital Pathology: Data-Intensive Frontier in Medical Imaging.
Proceedings of the IEEE Through 100 Years: 1930-1939.
Bionanoscience in Health and Medicine.
The Evolution of Optical Networking.
The Evolution of Configurable Wavelength Multiplexed Optical Networks - A Historical Perspective.
Capacity Trends and Limits of Optical Communication Networks.
Wavelength-Selective Reconfiguration in Transparent Agile Optical Networks.
100G and Beyond Transmission Technologies for Evolving Optical Networks and Relevant Physical-Layer Issues.
Optical Flow Switching Networks.
Optical Network Management and Control.
All-Optical Networking - Evolution, Benefits, Challenges, and Future Vision.
Cross-Layer Approaches for Planning and Operating Impairment-Aware Optical Networks.
Next-Generation Optical Network Architecture and Multidomain Issues.
Multilayer and Multidomain Resilience in Optical Networks.
Optical Networks for Grid and Cloud Computing Applications.
Energy Challenges in Current and Future Optical Transmission Networks.
Evolution of Optical Access Networks: Architectures and Capacity Upgrades.
Hybrid Optical-Wireless Access Networks.
Proceedings of the IEEE Through 100 Years: 1940-1949.
Welcome to Our Centennial Celebration Issue!
Scanning the Proceedings for History [Centennial History].
Centennial Special Issue [Scanning the Issue].
Overview for Reflections and Reviews of Past Predictions [Reflections and Reviews of Past Predictions].
Back to the Future - 1962 Redux [Reflections and Reviews of Past Predictions].
Like Being There [Reflections and Reviews of Past Predictions].
To Learn About Nature Look to Nature Itself [Reflections and Reviews of Past Predictions].
Computational Social Systems [Reflections and Reviews of Past Predictions].
Research Funding and the Proceedings of the IEEE Centennial [Reflections and Reviews of Past Predictions].
100 Years in the Past and 100 Years in The Future [Point of View].
Prolog to the Section on Cyber-Physical Systems.
Cyber-Physical Systems: A Perspective at the Centennial.
A Cyber-Physical Future.
Prolog to the Section on Electric Power and Energy Engineering.
Electric Power and Energy Engineering: The First Century.
Smart Grids and Beyond: Achieving the Full Potential of Electricity Systems.
Prolog to the Section on Engineering Education.
Five Major Shifts in 100 Years of Engineering Education.
Engineering Education Today: Capturing the Afterlife of Sisyphus in Five Snapshots.
Beyond 2020: Preparing Engineers for the Future.
Prolog to the Section on Entertainment Technologies.
A Brief History of Entertainment Technologies.
The Future of Cloud-Based Entertainment.
Social Television: Enabling Technologies and Architectures.
Mobile Clouds: The New Content Distribution Platform.
Entertainment in the Age of Big Data.
Prolog to the Section on Hardware/Software Codesign.
Hardware/Software Codesign: The Past, the Present, and Predicting the Future.
Prolog to the Section on Mass Storage and Data Retrieval.
The History of Storage Systems.
The History of Web Archiving.
The History of Information Retrieval Research.
Prolog to the Section on Advanced Materials for Electronics, Photonics, and Energy Storage.
Silicon Crystal Growth and Wafer Technologies.
Molecular Engineering to Computer Science: The Role of Photonics in the Convergence of Communications and Computing.
Flexible Electronics: The Next Ubiquitous Platform.
History, Evolution, and Future Status of Energy Storage.
Prolog to the Section on Medical Devices and Electronics.
Advances in Medical Devices and Medical Electronics.
Prolog to the Section on Neurotechnological Systems: The Brain-Computer Interface.
Biosensor Technologies for Augmented Brain-Computer Interfaces in the Next Decades.
Evolving Signal Processing for Brain-Computer Interfaces.
Brain-Computer Interface Technologies in the Coming Decades.
Prolog to the Section on Optics and Photonics.
Optics and Photonics: Key Enabling Technologies.
Prolog to the Section on Personal and Home Electronics.
Personal and Home Electronics and Our Changing Lifestyles.
Prolog to the Section on Privacy and Cybersecurity.
Privacy and Cybersecurity: The Next 100 Years.
Prolog to the Section on Radio Spectrum Access.
Spectrum Access Technologies: The Past, the Present, and the Future.
Spectrum Policy for Radio Spectrum Access.
The Economists' Contribution to Radio Spectrum Access: The Past, the Present, and the Future.
Prolog to the Section on The Search for Life: SETI.
Beings on Earth: Is That All There Is?
Prolog to the Section on Science and Engineering Beyond Moore's Law.
Science and Engineering Beyond Moore's Law.
Prolog to the Section on Social Implications of Technology.
Social Implications of Technology: The Past, the Present, and the Future.
Prolog to the Section on Space Exploration and Science.
Spaceflight: The Development of Science, Surveillance, and Commerce in Space.
Prolog to the Section on Transportation and Navigation Technology.
Satellite Navigation for Aviation in 2025.
Autonomous Ground Vehicles - Concepts and a Path to the Future.
FootSLAM: Pedestrian Simultaneous Localization and Mapping Without Exteroceptive Sensors - Hitchhiking on Human Perception and Cognition.
Prolog to the Section on Wireless Communications Technology.
Wireless Myths, Realities, and Futures: From 3G/4G to Optical and Quantum Wireless.
A Centennial Review of Style and Contents in the Proceedings of the IEEE [Point of View].
Scanning My Past: Some Personal Reflections Stimulated by the Proceedings Centennial [Scanning the Past].
Very High-Resolution Remote Sensing: Challenges and Opportunities [Point of View].
Memristors: Devices, Models, and Applications [Scanning the Issue].
The Fourth Element.
Port-Hamiltonian Formulation of Systems With Memory.
Device Properties of Bernoulli Memristors.
Metal-Oxide RRAM.
Memristors With Flexible Electronic Applications.
 Thin-Film Devices.
Memristive Device Fundamentals and Modeling: Applications to Circuits and Systems Simulation.
Multiterminal Memristive Nanowire Devices for Logic and Memory Applications: A Review.
Analysis of Passive Memristive Devices Array: Data-Dependent Statistical Model and Self-Adaptable Sense Resistance for RRAMs.
Leveraging Memristive Systems in the Construction of Digital Logic Circuits.
CMOS and Memristor-Based Neural Network Design for Position Detection.
Memristor Bridge Synapses.
Neuromorphic, Digital, and Quantum Computation With Memory Circuit Elements.
Proceedings of the IEEE THROUGH 100 YEARS: 1950-1959 [Scanning our Past].
Cognitive Dynamic Systems: Radar, Control, and Radio [Point of View].
Antennas in Wireless Communications [Scanning the Issue].
Small Antennas in Wireless Communications.
A Computationally Efficient Technique for Prototyping Planar Antennas and Printed Circuits for Wireless Applications.
Nature-Inspired Optimization Techniques in Communication Antenna Designs.
OTA Testing in Multipath of Antennas and Wireless Devices With MIMO and OFDM.
Printed Slot and Wire Antennas: A Review.
Microstrip Patch Antennas - Basic Characteristics and Some Recent Advances.
Dielectric Resonator Antennas: From the Basic to the Aesthetic.
Leaky-Wave Antennas.
Supporting and Enabling Circuits for Antenna Arrays in Wireless Communications.
Substrate-Integrated Millimeter-Wave and Terahertz Antenna Technology.
Smart Antennas for Advanced Communication Systems.
Reconfigurable Antennas for Wireless and Space Applications.
Antenna Requirements for Software Defined and Cognitive Radios.
Metamaterial-Based Antennas.
Antennas in Cellular Phones for Mobile Communications.
The Magnetoelectric Dipole - A Wideband Antenna for Base Stations in Mobile Communications.
UWB Antennas for Communication Systems.
Antennas for WiFi Connectivity.
Design of Antennas for UHF RFID Tags.
Antennas for Digital Television Receivers in Mobile Terminals.
Antennas for Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS).
Evaluations of Body-Centric Wireless Communication Channels in a Range From 3 MHz to 3 GHz.
Integration of Array Antennas in Chip Package for 60-GHz Radios.
Antenna Concepts for Millimeter-Wave Automotive Radar Sensors.
Proceedings of the IEEE Through 100 Years: 1960-1969 [Scanning our Past].
Musing on the Past 60 Years in Electrical Engineering Education.
Quality of Life Technology.
Designing and Evaluating Quality of Life Technologies: An Interdisciplinary Approach.
Herb 2.0: Lessons Learned From Developing a Mobile Manipulator for the Home.
Home-Assistant Robot for an Aging Society.
First-Person Vision.
Cognition-Enabled Autonomous Robot Control for the Realization of Home Chore Task Intelligence.
Architecture and Applications of Virtual Coaches.
Toward an Ecosystem for Developing and Programming Assistive Environments.
Personal Mobility and Manipulation Appliance - Design, Development, and Initial Testing.
Using Socially Assistive Human-Robot Interaction to Motivate Physical Exercise for Older Adults.
Therapeutic Seal Robot as Biofeedback Medical Device: Qualitative and Quantitative Evaluations of Robot Therapy in Dementia Care.
Universal Design for Quality of Life Technologies.
Back to the Future [Point of View].
Web-Scale Multimedia Processing and Applications [Scanning the Issue].
Recent Advances of Large-Scale Linear Classification.
Optimal Parameters for Locality-Sensitive Hashing.
Robust and Scalable Graph-Based Semisupervised Learning.
A Framework for Classifier Adaptation for Large-Scale Multimedia Data.
Uncertainty Reduction for Knowledge Discovery and Information Extraction on the World Wide Web.
Statistical Entity Extraction From the Web.
Web-Scale Multimedia Information Networks.
Duplicate-Search-Based Image Annotation Using Web-Scale Data.
Web-Scale Media Recommendation Systems.
Multimedia Semantics: Interactions Between Content and Community.
Social Network Analysis in Enterprise.
The Solution Looking for a Problem.
Remote Sensing of Natural Disasters.
ASTER Satellite Observations for International Disaster Management.
Human Sensor Networks for Improved Modeling of Natural Disasters.
Remote Sensing Contributions to Prediction and Risk Assessment of Natural Disasters Caused by Large-Scale Rift Valley Fever Outbreaks.
Mapping Geo-Hazard by Satellite Radar Interferometry.
Disaster Monitoring by Fully Polarimetric SAR Data Acquired With ALOS-PALSAR.
Polarimetric SAR Analysis of Tsunami Damage Following the March 11, 2011 East Japan Earthquake.
Remote Sensing and Earthquake Damage Assessment: Experiences, Limits, and Perspectives.
GEOSS-Based Thermal Parameters Analysis for Earthquake Anomaly Recognition.
Remote Sensing of Volcanic Hazards and Their Precursors.
Remote Sensing of Ocean Oil-Spill Pollution.
Information Extraction From Remote Sensing Images for Flood Monitoring and Damage Evaluation.
Proceedings of the IEEE Through 100 Years: 1990-1999.
Let's Continue to Expand Our Minds...
Superconductor Electronics and Power Applications [Point of View].
Prolog to "The Dual-Fuel Strategy: An Energy Transition Plan'.
The Dual-Fuel Strategy: An Energy Transition Plan.
Prolog to "Fault Injection Attacks on Cryptographic Devices: Theory, Practice, and Countermeasures".
Fault Injection Attacks on Cryptographic Devices: Theory, Practice, and Countermeasures.
Prolog to "tuPOY: Epitomizing a New Epoch in Communications With Polymer Textiles".
tuPOY: Epitomizing a New Epoch in Communications With Polymer Textiles.
Prolog to "Cognitive Radar: Step Toward Bridging the Gap Between Neuroscience and Engineering".
Cognitive Radar: Step Toward Bridging the Gap Between Neuroscience and Engineering.
Proceedings of the IEEE Through 100 Years: 2000-2009 [Scanning Our Past].
Some Thoughts on the Communications Field - The Past and the Present.
Cognitive control.
Cognitive Control.
A Survey of Security Challenges in Cognitive Radio Networks: Solutions and Future Research Directions.
A Survey of Security Challenges in Cognitive Radio Networks: Solutions and Future Research Directions.
High-Efficiency Doherty Power Amplifiers: Historical Aspect and Modern Trends.
High-Efficiency Doherty Power Amplifiers: Historical Aspect and Modern Trends.
The Proceedings of the IEEE: Into the Next Century.
Changing of the Guard [Point of View].
"Beyond HDTV" [Scanning the Issue].
UHDTV Image Format for Better Visual Experience.
A New Wide-Gamut RGB Primary Set and Efficient Color Encoding Methods for Ultrahigh-Definition Television (UHDTV).
Color Management for Future Video Systems.
Wedge Optics in Flat Panel Displays.
High-Resolution CMOS Video Image Sensors.
8K Extremely-High-Resolution Camera Systems.
Ultrahigh-Definition LCOS Projectors.
Ultrahigh-Resolution Panoramic Imaging for Format-Agnostic Video Production.
Scalable Resolution Display Walls.
High-Performance Video Codec for Super Hi-Vision.
Digital Cinema and Super-High-Definition Content Distribution on Optical High-Speed Networks.
Progress of Transmission Technologies for UDTV.
Stereographic Digital Cinema: Production and Exhibition Techniques in 2012.
Three-Dimensional Imaging for Creating Real-World-Like Environments.
The Rise & Fall of Electric Vehicles in 1828-1930: Lessons Learned.
The Motivation and Technique of Writing Scientific Contributions [Point of View].
Large-Scale Electromagnetic Computation for Modeling and Applications [Scanning the Issue].
Overview of Large-Scale Computing: The Past, the Present, and the Future.
Discontinuous Galerkin Time-Domain Methods for Multiscale Electromagnetic Simulations: A Review.
Electromagnetic Computation in Scattering of Electromagnetic Waves by Random Rough Surface and Dense Media in Microwave Remote Sensing of Land Surfaces.
Integration of Antennas Onboard Vehicles and Diffraction by Large and Complex Structures With Multiple-Domain-Multiple-Methods Techniques.
Nonconformal Domain Decomposition Methods for Solving Large Multiscale Electromagnetic Scattering Problems.
Hybrid Iterative Approach Combined With Domain Decomposition for the Analysis of Large Electromagnetic Problems.
Hierarchical Parallelization of the Multilevel Fast Multipole Algorithm (MLFMA).
Accurate Solutions of Extremely Large Integral-Equation Problems in Computational Electromagnetics.
MLFMA-FFT Parallel Algorithm for the Solution of Extremely Large Problems in Electromagnetics.
Accelerated Direct Solution of the Method-of-Moments Linear System.
Direct Matrix Solution of Linear Complexity for Surface Integral-Equation-Based Impedance Extraction of Complicated 3-D Structures.
Quasi-Block-Cholesky Factorization With Dynamic Matrix Compression for Fast Integral-Equation Simulations of Large-Scale Human Body Models.
Modified Phase-Extracted Basis Functions for Efficient Analysis of Scattering From Electrically Large Targets.
Analyzing Large-Scale Arrays Using Tangential Equivalence Principle Algorithm With Characteristic Basis Functions.
Hierarchical Matrix Preconditioning for Low-Frequency-Full-Maxwell Simulations.
Electromagnetic Field Theory in $(N+1)$ -Space-Time: A Modern Time-Domain Tensor/Array Introduction.
Skin-Effect Loss Models for Time- and Frequency-Domain PEEC Solver.
Spectral Methods and Domain Decomposition for Nanophotonic Applications.
Highly Tailored Computational Electromagnetics Methods for Nanophotonic Design and Discovery.
Water Bridges in Electropermeabilized Phospholipid Bilayers.
Transport-Based Biophysical System Models of Cells for Quantitatively Describing Responses to Electric Fields.
Quantum Transport Modeling From First Principles.
Fluctuation-Induced Phenomena in Nanoscale Systems: Harnessing the Power of Noise.
Early Punched Card Equipment: 1880-1951 [Scanning Our Past].
Electromagnetic Tomography for Medical and Industrial Applications: Challenges and Opportunities [Point of View].
Advances in Very-High-Resolution Remote Sensing [Scanning the Issue].
Human Settlements: A Global Challenge for EO Data Processing and Interpretation.
Using High-Resolution Airborne and Satellite Imagery to Assess Crop Growth and Yield Variability for Precision Agriculture.
Active Learning: Any Value for Classification of Remotely Sensed Data?
A Novel Framework for the Design of Change-Detection Systems for Very-High-Resolution Remote Sensing Images.
Land-Cover Mapping by Markov Modeling of Spatial-Contextual Information in Very-High-Resolution Remote Sensing Images.
Advances in Spectral-Spatial Classification of Hyperspectral Images.
Feature Mining for Hyperspectral Image Classification.
The Promise of Reconfigurable Computing for Hyperspectral Imaging Onboard Systems: A Review and Trends.
Processing Multidimensional SAR and Hyperspectral Images With Binary Partition Tree.
Melt Pond Mapping With High-Resolution SAR: The First View.
Very-High-Resolution Airborne Synthetic Aperture Radar Imaging: Signal Processing and Applications.
Airborne SAR-Efficient Signal Processing for Very High Resolution.
Point Target Classification via Fast Lossless and Sufficient $\Omega$-$\Psi$ -$\Phi$ Invariant Decomposition of High-Resolution and Fully Polarimetric SAR/ISAR Data.
Monitoring of the March 11, 2011, Off-Tohoku 9.0 Earthquake With Super-Tsunami Disaster by Implementing Fully Polarimetric High-Resolution POLSAR Techniques.
Differential Analyzers [Scanning Our Past].
I2csmart: an identity-management-based cognition-enabled cooperative smartphone [point of view].
Marine Energy Technology [Sanning the Issue].
An Overview of the U.K. Marine Energy Sector.
Offshore Wind Power Generation Technologies.
Ocean Renewable Energy Storage (ORES) System: Analysis of an Undersea Energy Storage Concept.
Modeling, Control Strategy, and Power Conditioning for Direct-Drive Wave Energy Conversion to Operate With Power Grid.
Network Security Assessments for Integrating Large-Scale Tidal Current and Ocean Wave Resources Into Future Electrical Grids.
Power System Security in a Meshed North Sea HVDC Grid.
Environmental and Human Dimensions of Ocean Renewable Energy Development.
The Impact of Offshore Wind Farms on Marine Ecosystems: A Review Taking an Ecosystem Services Perspective.
Meteorological Controls on Wind Turbine Wakes.
Motion Pictures [Scanning Our Past].
Cyber-Eco Technology: Engineering of Ecological Systems [Point of View].
Speech Information Processing: Theory and Applications [Scanning the Issue].
Acoustic Analysis for Automatic Speech Recognition.
Conditional Random Fields in Speech, Audio, and Language Processing.
Multistream Recognition of Speech: Dealing With Unknown Unknowns.
An Information-Extraction Approach to Speech Processing: Analysis, Detection, Verification, and Recognition.
Speech-Centric Information Processing: An Optimization-Oriented Approach.
Spoken Language Recognition: From Fundamentals to Practice.
POMDP-Based Statistical Spoken Dialog Systems: A Review.
Statistical Machine Translation for Speech: A Perspective on Structures, Learning, and Decoding.
Behavioral Signal Processing: Deriving Human Behavioral Informatics From Speech and Language.
Speech Synthesis Based on Hidden Markov Models.
Underwater Cables.
Engineering the Future of Education [Point of View].
Wireless Power Transmission, Technology, and Applications [Scanning the Issue].
Inductive Power Transfer.
Planar Wireless Charging Technology for Portable Electronic Products and Qi.
An Overview of Technical Challenges and Advances of Inductive Wireless Power Transmission.
Issues and Initiatives for Practical Deployment of Wireless Power Transfer Technologies in Japan.
Wireless Power Transmission: From Far Field to Near Field.
Coil Design and Shielding Methods for a Magnetic Resonant Wireless Power Transfer System.
Enabling Seamless Wireless Power Delivery in Dynamic Environments.
Wireless Power Transfer: Metamaterials and Array of Coupled Resonators.
Midfield Wireless Powering for Implantable Systems.
Microwave Power Transmission: Historical Milestones and System Components.
Low-Power Far-Field Wireless Powering for Wireless Sensors.
RF Energy Harvesting and Transport for Wireless Sensor Network Applications: Principles and Requirements.
Energy Conversion and Transmission Modules for Space Solar Power.
Microwave Power Transmission Technologies for Solar Power Satellites.
Beam Control Technologies With a High-Efficiency Phased Array for Microwave Power Transmission in Japan.
Array Designs for Long-Distance Wireless Power Transmission: State-of-the-Art and Innovative Solutions.
Assessing Human Exposure to Electromagnetic Fields From Wireless Power Transmission Systems.
Cellular and Molecular Responses to Radio-Frequency Electromagnetic Fields.
Inventing the Computer [Scanning Our Past].
Reflections of the future [Point of View].
Emerging graphene-based electronic & photonic devices, circuits, and systems [Scannning the Issue].
Carbon-Based Nanomaterials From a Historical Perspective.
Graphene Growth and Device Integration.
Site-Selective Epitaxy of Graphene on Si Wafers.
Graphene Transistors: Status, Prospects, and Problems.
Tunneling Transistors Based on Graphene and 2-D Crystals.
High-Performance Graphene Field-Effect Transistors With Extremely Small Access Length Using Self-Aligned Source and Drain Technique.
Graphene Field-Effect Transistors Based on Boron-Nitride Dielectrics.
Graphene Electronics: Materials, Devices, and Circuits.
Large-Area 2-D Electronics: Materials, Technology, and Devices.
Multiscale Modeling for Graphene-Based Nanoscale Transistors.
Variability Effects in Graphene: Challenges and Opportunities for Device Engineering and Applications.
Plasmons in Graphene: Fundamental Properties and Potential Applications.
Graphene for Reconfigurable Terahertz Optoelectronics.
The Interaction of Light and Graphene: Basics, Devices, and Applications.
Fully Transparent Resistive Memory Employing Graphene Electrodes for Eliminating Undesired Surface Effects.
Evaluation of the Potential Performance of Graphene Nanoribbons as On-Chip Interconnects.
Graphene Nanoelectromechanical Systems.
Graphene Transistors for Bioelectronics.
Market Uptake Potential of Graphene as a Disruptive Material.
Maxwell's equations [Scanning our Past].
Prolog to "Faster-than-Nyquist signaling".
Faster-Than-Nyquist Signaling.
Prolog to "Aviation Cyber-Physical Systems: Foundations for Future Aircraft and Air Transport".
Aviation Cyber-Physical Systems: Foundations for Future Aircraft and Air Transport.
Prolog to "IMS: The New Generation of Internet-Protocol-Based Multimedia Services".
IMS: The New Generation of Internet-Protocol-Based Multimedia Services.
STARS: Pacemakers [Scanning Our Past].
Does information have mass? [Point of View].
Perceptual Coding of High-Quality Digital Audio.
Spatial Sound With Loudspeakers and Its Perception: A Review of the Current State.
An Overview on Perceptually Motivated Audio Indexing and Classification.
Objective Estimation of Speech Quality for Communication Systems.
Perceptual Properties of Current Speech Recognition Technology.
Sound Processing for Better Coding of Monaural and Binaural Cues in Auditory Prostheses.
On Visual Realism of Synthesized Imagery.
Automatic Prediction of Perceptual Image and Video Quality.
Perceptual Visual Signal Compression and Transmission.
Image Analysis: Focus on Texture Similarity.
Visual Attention and Applications in Multimedia Technologies.
Representations and Algorithms for Force-Feedback Display.
Haptic Perception of Material Properties and Implications for Applications.
Vibrotactile Display: Perception, Technology, and Applications.
Multimodal Support for Interruption Management: Models, Empirical Findings, and Design Recommendations.
Efficient Multimodal Cuing of Spatial Attention.
A Model for Haptic Aesthetic Processing and Its Implications for Design.
STARS: Early Popular Computers, 1950-1970 [Scanning Out Past].
The Reasonable Ineffectiveness of Mathematics [Point of View].
50th Anniversary of the Light-Emitting Diode (LED): An Ultimate Lamp [Scanning the Issue].
The III-V Alloy p-n Diode Laser and LED Ultimate Lamp.
From Holonyak to Today.
Heterostructures for Optoelectronics: History and Modern Trends.
The Double-Heterostructure Concept: How It Got Started.
III-V Semiconductor Quantum-Well Devices Grown by Metalorganic Chemical Vapor Deposition.
GaN-Based p-n Junction Blue-Light-Emitting Devices.
History of Gallium-Nitride-Based Light-Emitting Diodes for Illumination.
GaN Substrate Technologies for Optical Devices.
Vertical-Cavity Surface-Emitting Laser (VCSEL).
III-V Oxidation: Discoveries and Applications in Vertical-Cavity Surface-Emitting Lasers.
Application of Laser Diodes to Optical Disk Systems: The History of Laser Diode Development and Mass Production in Three Generations of Optical Disk Systems.
From Visible Light-Emitting Diodes to Large-Scale III-V Photonic Integrated Circuits.
The Transistor Laser: Theory and Experiment.
STARS: Electromechanical Telephone Switching [Scanning our Past].
Editorial.
The Old Professor in Action.
The Smart Home.
The Multimedia Over Coax Alliance.
Heterogeneous Networks for Audio and Video: Using IEEE 802.1 Audio Video Bridging.
PUCC Activities on Overlay Networking Protocols and Metadata for Controlling and Managing Home Networks and Appliances.
Large-Scale Deployment of Residential Small Cells.
Wireless Architectures for Heterogeneous Sensing in Smart Home Applications: Concepts and Real Implementation.
Electric Energy Management in the Smart Home: Perspectives on Enabling Technologies and Consumer Behavior.
Opportunities and Challenges of Vehicle-to-Home, Vehicle-to-Vehicle, and Vehicle-to-Grid Technologies.
Ecological Home Network: An Overview.
Home Smart Home: A Danish Energy-Positive Home Designed With Daylight.
STARS: IBM System/360.
Recycling Is Not Always Good.
A Survey on Ambient Intelligence in Healthcare.
A Survey on Ambient Intelligence in Healthcare.
Overview of Beyond-CMOS Devices and a Uniform Methodology for Their Benchmarking.
Overview of Beyond-CMOS Devices and a Uniform Methodology for Their Benchmarking.
A Survey on Topology Control in Wireless Sensor Networks: Taxonomy, Comparative Study, and Open Issues.
A Survey on Topology Control in Wireless Sensor Networks: Taxonomy, Comparative Study, and Open Issues.
STARS: Electronic Calculators: Desktop to Pocket.
Where Is Mathematics?
Managing Performance Overhead of Virtual Machines in Cloud Computing: A Survey, State of the Art, and Future Directions.
Managing Performance Overhead of Virtual Machines in Cloud Computing: A Survey, State of the Art, and Future Directions.
Rugged Electrical Power Switching in Semiconductors: A Systems Approach.
Rugged Electrical Power Switching in Semiconductors: A Systems Approach.
Spatial Modulation for Generalized MIMO: Challenges, Opportunities, and Implementation.
Spatial Modulation for Generalized MIMO: Challenges, Opportunities, and Implementation.
STARS: Telephone Transmission.
The heritage of mead & conway: what has remained the same, what has changed, what was missed, and what lies ahead [point of view].
Applications of Augmented Reality [Scanning the Issue].
Behind the Glass: Driver Challenges and Opportunities for AR Automotive Applications.
Augmented Reality for Construction Site Monitoring and Documentation.
Next-Generation Augmented Reality Browsers: Rich, Seamless, and Adaptive.
Manipulating the Experience of Reality for Rehabilitation Applications.
Virtual Handcrafting: Building Virtual Wood Models Using ToolDevice.
Two-Phase Calibration for a Mirror Metaphor Augmented Reality System.
Combining Photogrammetry and Augmented Reality Towards an Integrated Facility Management System for the Oil Industry.
STARS: Word Processing for the Japanese Language [Scanning Out Past].
"Drones" and the Future of Domestic Aviation.
Future Radio Spectrum Access.
Practical Issues for Spectrum Management With Cognitive Radios.
Harmful Interference and Its Role in Spectrum Policy.
Security and Enforcement in Spectrum Sharing.
Multiband Spectrum Access: Great Promises for Future Cognitive Radio Networks.
Putting the Radio in "Software-Defined Radio": Hardware Developments for Adaptable RF Systems.
RF and Microwave Hardware Challenges for Future Radio Spectrum Access.
Small-Cell Self-Organizing Wireless Networks.
Spectrum Without Bounds, Networks Without Borders.
Millimeter-Wave Cellular Wireless Networks: Potentials and Challenges.
Challenges and Considerations in Defining Spectrum Efficiency.
Spectrum Access for the Passive Services: The Past and the Future.
STARS: Electrocardiography.
Getting Comfortable Being Uncomfortable [Point of View].
Cognitive Dynamic Systems [Scanning the Issue].
The Prefrontal Cortex Makes the Brain a Preadaptive System.
Cognitive Dynamics: From Attractors to Active Inference.
The Impact of Active Inference on Engineering [Further Thoughts].
Biomimetic Echolocation With Application to Radar and Sonar Sensing.
Sensing, Cognition, and Engineering Application [Further Thoughts].
Adaptive Networks.
Impact of Networked Cognition and Learning on Engineered Systems [Further Thoughts].
Computational Implications of Lognormally Distributed Synaptic Weights.
Lessons From Spontaneous Neural Noise Genesis on Neuromorphic Engineering [Further Thoughts].
Cognitive Architectures for Sensory Processing.
On the Importance of Synergisms Between Neuroscience and Engineering [Further Thoughts].
The Misbehavior of Reinforcement Learning.
Race Against the Machine [Further Thoughts].
Modeling Human Decision Making in Generalized Gaussian Multiarmed Bandits.
On Human Decision-Making Heuristics and Algorithm Design in Engineering [Further Thoughts].
Optimization for Centralized and Decentralized Cognitive Radio Networks.
Optimization, Chaotic Neural Networks, and Coherent Ising Machines [Further Thoughts].
Self-Organization and Compositionality in Cognitive Brains: A Neurorobotics Study.
Self-Organization and Compositionality in Cognitive Brains [Further Thoughts].
On Cognitive Dynamic Systems: Cognitive Neuroscience and Engineering Learning From Each Other.
STARS: Rise and Fall of Minicomputers [Scanning Our Past].
In Search of Earth-Like Planets [Point of View].
Engineering intelligent electronic systems based on computational neuroscience [scanning the issue].
The SpiNNaker Project.
Information Systems Opportunities in Brain-Machine Interface Decoders.
Dynamic and Succinct Statistical Analysis of Neuroscience Data.
Neurogrid: A Mixed-Analog-Digital Multichip System for Large-Scale Neural Simulations.
Spike-Based Synaptic Plasticity in Silicon: Design, Implementation, Application, and Challenges.
Power Consumption During Neuronal Computation.
Small Brains, Smart Machines: From Fly Vision to Robot Vision and Back Again.
An Augmented Two-Layer Model Captures Nonlinear Analog Spatial Integration Effects in Pyramidal Neuron Dendrites.
Prospective Optimization.
Stereo, Shading, and Surfaces: Curvature Constraints Couple Neural Computations.
Regulating Cortical Oscillations in an Inhibition-Stabilized Network.
Stochastic Electronics: A Neuro-Inspired Design Paradigm for Integrated Circuits.
Noise as a Resource for Computation and Learning in Networks of Spiking Neurons.
Large-Scale Synthesis of Functional Spiking Neural Circuits.
Evolved Machines Shed Light on Robustness and Resilience.
STARS: Telephones [Scanning Our Past].
Nanotechnology and Life: An Engineer's Perspective.
Energy Storage - Part I: Batteries and Energy Conversion Systems.
Lithium-Ion Battery Systems.
Advanced Lead-Acid Batteries and the Development of Grid-Scale Energy Storage Systems.
Regenerative Fuel Cells for Energy Storage.
Redox Flow Batteries: An Engineering Perspective.
Power Electronics for Grid-Scale Energy Storage.
Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) and Battery Management System (BMS) for Grid-Scale Applications.
STARS: Creating Magnetic Disk Storage at IBM.
Nanoengineered Bioplatforms Based on DNA Origami [Point of View].
Energy Storage - Part II: Realizing the Value [Scanning the Issue].
Business Models for Deploying and Operating Energy Storage and Risk Mitigation Aspects.
Regulatory Policy and Markets for Energy Storage in North America.
Energy Storage Valuation Under Different Storage Forms and Functions in Transmission and Distribution Applications.
Integrating Energy Storage Devices Into Market Management Systems.
Smart Grids Versus the Achilles' Heel of Renewable Energy: Can the Needed Storage Infrastructure Be Constructed Before the Fossil Fuel Runs Out?
Corrections to "Multiband Spectrum Access: Great Promises for Future Cognitive Radio Networks".
STARS: Scanning Probe Microscopy [Scanning Our Past].
Energy return on energy invested (eroi): a quintessential but possibly inadequate metric for sustainability in a solar-powered world? [point of view].
Trustworthy Hardware [Scanning the Issue].
Physical Unclonable Functions and Applications: A Tutorial.
Public Physical Unclonable Functions.
Microcontrollers as (In)Security Devices for Pervasive Computing Applications.
Trustworthiness of Medical Devices and Body Area Networks.
Mobile Trusted Computing.
Counterfeit Integrated Circuits: A Rising Threat in the Global Semiconductor Supply Chain.
Hardware Trojan Attacks: Threat Analysis and Countermeasures.
FPGA Security: Motivations, Features, and Applications.
Regaining Trust in VLSI Design: Design-for-Trust Techniques.
A Primer on Hardware Security: Models, Methods, and Metrics.
STARS: Software Industry [Scanning Our Past].
Today's Engineering Education Is a Liberal Arts Education of the Future.
Scanning the Issue.
A Tutorial on the Flexible Optical Networking Paradigm: State of the Art, Trends, and Research Challenges.
A Tutorial on the Flexible Optical Networking Paradigm: State of the Art, Trends, and Research Challenges.
Geometric Algebra for Electrical and Electronic Engineers.
Geometric Algebra for Electrical and Electronic Engineers.
Neuromorphic Electronic Circuits for Building Autonomous Cognitive Systems.
Neuromorphic Electronic Circuits for Building Autonomous Cognitive Systems.
Nils Gustaf Daln.
Future vehicles will be driven by electricity, but not as you think [Point of View].
Bioinspired Imaging: Discovery, Emulation, and Future Prospects [Scanning the Issue].
The Remarkable Visual Abilities of Nocturnal Insects: Neural Principles and Bioinspired Night-Vision Algorithms.
Animal Polarization Imaging and Implications for Optical Processing.
Bioinspired Focal-Plane Polarization Image Sensor Design: From Application to Implementation.
Bioinspired Polarization Imaging Sensors: From Circuits and Optics to Signal Processing Algorithms and Biomedical Applications.
Retinomorphic Event-Based Vision Sensors: Bioinspired Cameras With Spiking Output.
Asynchronous Neuromorphic Event-Driven Image Filtering.
Reconstructing Natural Visual Scenes From Spike Times.
Bioinspired Visual Motion Estimation.
Contour Motion Estimation for Asynchronous Event-Driven Cameras.
Implementation of Visual Motion Detection in Analog "Neuromorphic" Circuitry - A Case Study of the Issue of Circuit Precision.
Perceivable Light Fields: Matching the Requirements Between the Human Visual System and Autostereoscopic 3-D Displays.
Detecting 3-D Mirror Symmetry in a 2-D Camera Image for 3-D Shape Recovery.
Noise-Enhanced Information Systems.
A Nonrandom Walk Down Memory Lane With Bernard Widrow [Scanning our Past].
Editorial.
Impact of MOOCs and Other Forms of Online Education [Point of View].
Energy Harvesting and Scavenging [Scanning the Issue].
Ambient RF Energy-Harvesting Technologies for Self-Sustainable Standalone Wireless Sensor Platforms.
Radio-Frequency Rectifier for Electromagnetic Energy Harvesting: Development Path and Future Outlook.
Electromagnetic Energy Harvesting and Wireless Power Transmission: A Unified Approach.
Solar/Electromagnetic Energy Harvesting and Wireless Power Transmission.
Smart Surfaces: Large Area Electronics Systems for Internet of Things Enabled by Energy Harvesting.
Vibration Energy Harvesting Based on Magnet and Coil Arrays for Watt-Level Handheld Power Source.
Quantity Versus Quality: Optimal Harvesting Wind Power for the Smart Grid.
Energy Storage Technologies: The Past and the Present.
Electrical Circuit Model and Dynamic Analysis of Implantable Enzymatic Biofuel Cells Operating In Vivo.
Remote Powered Medical Implants for Telemonitoring.
Textile Antennas as Hybrid Energy-Harvesting Platforms.
STARS: Fax Machines [Scanning Our Past].
Was Einstein an Engineer?
The Digital Age and the Future of Social Network Science and Engineering.
Impact of Changing Technology on the Evolution of Complex Informational Networks.
Overlapping Communities Explain Core-Periphery Organization of Networks.
Social Persuasion in Online and Physical Networks.
Words on the Web: Noninvasive Detection of Emotional Contagion in Online Social Networks.
Analyzing Temporal Networks in Social Media.
Tracking the Digital Footprints of Personality.
Design of Randomized Experiments in Networks.
Connecting Computers With Robert E. Kahn.
Automating Analytical Homework.
Software-Defined Networking: A Comprehensive Survey.
Software-Defined Networking: A Comprehensive Survey.
Radar Spectrum Engineering and Management: Technical and Regulatory Issues.
Radar Spectrum Engineering and Management: Technical and Regulatory Issues.
Spin-Based Computing: Device Concepts, Current Status, and a Case Study on a High-Performance Microprocessor.
Spin-Based Computing: Device Concepts, Current Status, and a Case Study on a High-Performance Microprocessor.
The First Man-Made Memristor: Circa 1801.
Big Data for Modern Industry: Challenges and Trends [Point of View].
Global Healthcare: Advances and Challenges [Scanning the Issue].
Microfluidics and Nanotechnology for Detection of Global Infectious Diseases.
Advances in Nanotechnology and Microfluidics for Human Papillomavirus Diagnostics.
Wearable Sensors for Healthier Pregnancies.
Diagnostic Tools for Lab-on-Chip Applications Based on Coherent Imaging Microscopy.
Biomedical Applications of Untethered Mobile Milli/Microrobots.
AMPFLUID: Aggregation Magnified Post-Assay Fluorescence for Ultrasensitive Immunodetection on Digital Microfluidics.
Advances in Smartphone-Based Point-of-Care Diagnostics.
Demonstration of a Remote Optical Measurement Configuration That Correlates With Breathing, Heart Rate, Pulse Pressure, Blood Coagulation, and Blood Oxygenation.
Engineering a Global Response to Infectious Diseases.
Dov Jaron and the Origins of Biomedical Engineering [Scanning our Past].
Considering the Total Cost of Electricity From Sunlight and the Alternatives [Point of View].
Special Issue on Reconfigurable Systems: Foundations [Guest editors' introduction].
An Introduction to Reconfigurable Systems.
Three Ages of FPGAs: A Retrospective on the First Thirty Years of FPGA Technology.
Reconfigurable Computing Architectures.
Fundamental Underpinnings of Reconfigurable Computing Architectures.
High-Reliability FPGA-Based Systems: Space, High-Energy Physics, and Beyond.
High-Level Language Tools for Reconfigurable Computing.
Software-Defined Radio: Bridging the Analog-Digital Divide.
Reconfigurable Antennas: Design and Applications.
Reconfigurable Radios: A Possible Solution to Reduce Entry Costs in Wireless Phones.
Software Frameworks for SDR.
There, and Back Again: How Adolf Goetzberger Got to Solar Energy [Scanning Our Past].
Nuclear Power Versus Renewable Energy - A Trend Analysis [Point of View].
Special issue on advanced flexible electronics for sensing applications [Scanning the Issue].
Patterning Processes for Flexible Electronics.
An Overview of Process and Product Requirements for Next Generation Thin Film Electronics, Advanced Touch Panel Devices, and Ultra High Barriers.
Perspectives on Energy Storage for Flexible Electronic Systems.
Key Issues With Printed Flexible Thin Film Transistors and Their Application in Disposable RF Sensors.
High-Speed Printing of Transistors: From Inks to Devices.
Additively Manufactured Nanotechnology and Origami-Enabled Flexible Microwave Electronics.
From Printed Transistors to Printed Smart Systems.
Inorganic Materials and Assembly Techniques for Flexible and Stretchable Electronics.
Enabling Electronics With Physically Flexible ICs and Hybrid Manufacturing.
Transparent Semiconducting Oxide Technology for Touch Free Interactive Flexible Displays.
Flexible Technologies for Self-Powered Wearable Health and Environmental Sensing.
Catheter-Based Systems With Integrated Stretchable Sensors and Conductors in Cardiac Electrophysiology.
Enabling Scalable Hybrid Systems: Architectures for Exploiting Large-Area Electronics in Applications.
Augustus Matthiessen: His Studies on Electrical Conductivities and the Origins of his "Rule" [Scanning Our Past].
Digital rights management: The cost to consumers.
High-power wind energy conversion systems: State-of-the-art and emerging technologies.
High-Power Wind Energy Conversion Systems: State-of-the-Art and Emerging Technologies.
Leaky-wave theory, techniques, and applications: From microwaves to visible frequencies.
Leaky-Wave Theory, Techniques, and Applications: From Microwaves to Visible Frequencies.
Nano meets security: Exploring nanoelectronic devices for security applications.
Nano Meets Security: Exploring Nanoelectronic Devices for Security Applications.
STARS: Manhattan Electric Power Distribution, 1881 - 1901.
Renewables Can Help Transform Lives in Rural Areas [Point of View].
The Plurality of Human Brain-Computer Interfacing [Scanning the Issue].
Signal Processing Approaches to Minimize or Suppress Calibration Time in Oscillatory Activity-Based Brain-Computer Interfaces.
Learning From More Than One Data Source: Data Fusion Techniques for Sensorimotor Rhythm-Based Brain-Computer Interfaces.
Noninvasive Brain-Computer Interfaces Based on Sensorimotor Rhythms.
Towards Noninvasive Hybrid Brain-Computer Interfaces: Framework, Practice, Clinical Application, and Beyond.
Brain-Computer Interface for Neurorehabilitation of Upper Limb After Stroke.
Functional Rehabilitation of the Paralyzed Upper Extremity After Spinal Cord Injury by Noninvasive Hybrid Neuroprostheses.
Towards Independence: A BCI Telepresence Robot for People With Severe Motor Disabilities.
Thelma Estrin and the Origins of Biomedical Computing [Scanning Our Past].
Energy Return on Investment (EROI) of Solar PV: An Attempt at Reconciliation [Point of View].
Reconfigurable Systems: Advanced Applications and Technologies [Scanning the Issue].
Reconfigurable Memristive Device Technologies.
Reconfigurable Electromagnetics Through Metamaterials - A Review.
Novel Polarization-Reconfigurable Converter Based on Multilayer Frequency-Selective Surfaces.
Tailoring Wideband Signals With a Photonic Hardware Accelerator.
Analog- and Mixed-Signal Fabrics.
Reconfigurable Network Systems and Software-Defined Networking.
Reconfigurable Wireless Networks.
Field-Programmable Wiring Systems.
High-Speed Reconfigurable Circuits for Multirate Systems in SiGe HBT Technology.
Monolithic 3-D FPGAs.
Microfluidic Stretchable Radio-Frequency Devices.
The Morphogenetic Path to Programmable Matter.
Lasers [Scanning Our Past].
In Defense of Engineering Education [Point of View].
Memories in the Future of Information Processing [Scanning the Issue].
Implications of Scales in Processing of Information.
Phase-Change and Redox-Based Resistive Switching Memories.
Mott Memory and Neuromorphic Devices.
Emerging Trends in Design and Applications of Memory-Based Computing and Content-Addressable Memories.
Evolution of Memory Architecture.
Heterogeneity and Efficiency in the Brain.
Memory and Information Processing in Neuromorphic Systems.
Bioinspired Programming of Memory Devices for Implementing an Inference Engine.
The Memory Problem of Quantum Information Processing.
Remembering Jan Rajchman and the Origins of Electronic Memory [Scanning Our Past].
Frameworks for Companies to Share Data With Researchers [Point of View].
Multimodal Data Fusion [Scanning the Issue].
Multimodal Data Fusion: An Overview of Methods, Challenges, and Prospects.
Multimodal Data Fusion Using Source Separation: Two Effective Models Based on ICA and IVA and Their Properties.
Multimodal Data Fusion Using Source Separation: Application to Medical Imaging.
Multivariate Machine Learning Methods for Fusing Multimodal Functional Neuroimaging Data.
Tensor Analysis and Fusion of Multimodal Brain Images.
Multimodal Classification of Remote Sensing Images: A Review and Future Directions.
Challenges and Opportunities of Multimodality and Data Fusion in Remote Sensing.
Data Fusion in Metabolomics Using Coupled Matrix and Tensor Factorizations.
Component- and Factor-Based Models for Data Fusion in the Behavioral Sciences.
Audiovisual Fusion: Challenges and New Approaches.
Three-Dimensional Imaging With Multiple Degrees of Freedom Using Data Fusion.
Heinrich Geissler: Pioneer Of Electrical Science and Vacuum Technology [Scanning our Past].
International Education.
Secure Communications via Physical-Layer and Information-Theoretic Techniques [Scanning the Issue].
Broadcasting Into the Uncertainty: Authentication and Confidentiality by Physical-Layer Processing.
Error-Control Coding for Physical-Layer Secrecy.
Physical-Layer Security in the Internet of Things: Sensing and Communication Confidentiality Under Resource Constraints.
Secret-Key Distribution Based on Bounded Observability.
Universal Hashing for Information-Theoretic Security.
Secure Communication Under Channel Uncertainty and Adversarial Attacks.
Wireless Physical-Layer Security: Lessons Learned From Information Theory.
Wireless Network Security: Building on Erasures.
Broadcast Networks With Layered Decoding and Layered Secrecy: Theory and Applications.
Secure Degrees of Freedom of Multiuser Networks: One-Time-Pads in the Air via Alignment.
A Perspective on the MIMO Wiretap Channel.
Multivariate Mutual Information Inspired by Secret-Key Agreement.
Information-Theoretic Security in Stochastic Control Systems.
Fifty Years of Moore's Law.
Editorial.
The Aftermath of the Missing Flight MH370: What Can Engineers Do? [Point of View].
Design Automation of Electronic Systems: Past Accomplishments and Challenges Ahead [Scanning the Issue].
Boolean Computation Using Self-Sustaining Nonlinear Oscillators.
Toeplitz-Plus-Hankel Matrix Recovery for Green's Function Computations on General Substrates.
Progress and Challenges in VLSI Placement Research.
Technology-Dependent Logic Optimization.
Boolean Satisfiability Solvers and Their Applications in Model Checking.
Combining Induction, Deduction, and Structure for Verification and Synthesis.
Toward Unification of Synthesis and Verification in Topologically Constrained Logic Design.
RTL Synthesis: From Logic Synthesis to Automatic Pipelining.
Application of a Key-Value Paradigm to Logic Factoring.
System Design Automation: Challenges and Limitations.
A Platform-Based Design Methodology With Contracts and Related Tools for the Design of Cyber-Physical Systems.
From Latency-Insensitive Design to Communication-Based System-Level Design.
Component-Based Design by Solving Language Equations.
New Logic Synthesis as Nanotechnology Enabler.
A Framework for Genetic Logic Synthesis.
Wiener's Cybernetics Legacy and the Growing Need for the Interdisciplinary Approach [Scanning Our Past].
To Spike or Not to Spike: That Is the Question.
Electric Ship Technologies.
History and State of the Art in Commercial Electric Ship Propulsion, Integrated Power Systems, and Future Trends.
History and the Status of Electric Ship Propulsion, Integrated Power Systems, and Future Trends in the U.S. Navy.
Early-Stage Design for Electric Ship.
Hybrid Electric Drive for Naval Combatants.
Integrated Power Systems - An Outline of Requirements and Functionalities for Ships.
Advances in Power Conversion and Drives for Shipboard Systems.
Control Architecture for High Power Electronics Converters.
Motors for Ship Propulsion.
Electric Propulsion Motor Development for Commercial Ships in Japan.
Dynamic Load and Storage Integration.
Power Flow Control and Network Stability in an All-Electric Ship.
Shore-to-Ship Power.
Role of Power Hardware in the Loop in Modeling and Simulation for Experimentation in Power and Energy Systems.
The Marine Vessel's Electrical Power System: From its Birth to Present Day.
Solving Puzzles With Missing Pieces: The Power of Systems Biology [Point of View].
Big Data: Theoretical Aspects [Scanning the Issue].
A Review of Relational Machine Learning for Knowledge Graphs.
Learning to Hash for Indexing Big Data - A Survey.
Implementing Randomized Matrix Algorithms in Parallel and Distributed Environments.
Foundational Principles for Large-Scale Inference: Illustrations Through Correlation Mining.
Resource Allocation for Statistical Estimation.
Magging: Maximin Aggregation for Inhomogeneous Large-Scale Data.
Learning Reductions That Really Work.
Taking the Human Out of the Loop: A Review of Bayesian Optimization.
Machine Learning in Genomic Medicine: A Review of Computational Problems and Data Sets.
Georg Simon Ohm and the First Comprehensive Theory of Electrical Conductivity in Metals [Scanning our Past].
Fundamental Research and U.S. National Security [Point of View].
Biomedical Signal Processing: From a Conceptual Framework to Clinical Applications [Scanning the Issue].
Reconstructing Time-Dependent Dynamics.
Multiscale Analysis of Intensive Longitudinal Biomedical Signals and Its Clinical Applications.
Time-Variant Modeling of Brain Processes.
Wiener-Granger Causality in Network Physiology With Applications to Cardiovascular Control and Neuroscience.
Linked Component Analysis From Matrices to High-Order Tensors: Applications to Biomedical Data.
Multimodal BCIs: Target Detection, Multidimensional Control, and Awareness Evaluation in Patients With Disorder of Consciousness.
Characterization of Human Motor Units From Surface EMG Decomposition.
Recording and Decoding for Neural Prostheses.
Techniques for Ventricular Repolarization Instability Assessment From the ECG.
Quantitative-Electrogram-Based Methods for Guiding Catheter Ablation in Atrial Fibrillation.
Closed-Loop Neuromodulation Technology for Baroreflex Blood Pressure Control.
Machine Learning and Decision Support in Critical Care.
The Rise of Light - Discovering Its Secrets [Scanning Our Past].
Patents: When They Make Sense and When They Do Not.
Phased Array Technologies [Scanning the Issue].
Digital Phased Arrays: Challenges and Opportunities.
True Time Delay in Phased Arrays.
The Evolution to Modern Phased Array Architectures.
Benefits of Digital Phased Array Radars.
Unconventional Phased Array Architectures and Design Methodologies - A Review.
Analog and RF Interference Mitigation for Integrated MIMO Receiver Arrays.
The Role of FPGAs in the Push to Modern and Ubiquitous Arrays.
Design of Energy- and Cost-Efficient Massive MIMO Arrays.
High-Sensitivity Phased Array Receivers for Radio Astronomy.
A New Era in Elemental Digital Beamforming for Spaceborne Communications Phased Arrays.
On the Design of Phased Arrays for Medical Applications.
Multifunction Phased Array Radar for Aircraft and Weather Surveillance.
Adaptive-Weather-Surveillance and Multifunction Capabilities of the National Weather Radar Testbed Phased Array Radar.
The fandom of the opera: how the audience for a centuries-old art form has incubated electrical and electronics technologies [scanning our past].
The Future of Cloud Gaming [Point of View].
Control Challenges in Microgrids and the Role of Energy-Efficient Buildings [Scanning the Issue].
Action-Oriented Energy Benchmarking for Nonresidential Buildings.
Analysis of Georeferenced Building Data for the Identification and Evaluation of Thermal Microgrids.
Automated Demand Response for Smart Buildings and Microgrids: The State of the Practice and Research Challenges.
Frequency Regulation From Commercial Building HVAC Demand Response.
Technologies and Magnitude of Ancillary Services Provided by Commercial Buildings.
Sustainable Reserve Power From Demand Response and Fluctuating Production - Two Danish Demonstrations.
Cyber-Physical Modeling of Distributed Resources for Distribution System Operations.
Co-Optimization of Power and Reserves in Dynamic T&D Power Markets With Nondispatchable Renewable Generation and Distributed Energy Resources.
Control and Communication Protocols Based on Packetized Direct Load Control in Smart Building Microgrids.
An Information Exchange Framework Utilizing Smart Buildings for Efficient Microgrid Operation.
Toward a Consumer-Centric Grid: A Behavioral Perspective.
Intercept 1961: From Air Defense SA-1 to Missile Defense System A [Scanning our Past].
Technology Versus Privacy Issues in Preventing Distracted Driver Accidents [Point of View].
Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems [Scanning the Issue].
Formal Verification of Fault-Tolerant Startup Algorithms for Time-Triggered Architectures: A Survey.
MixCPS: Mixed Time/Event-Triggered Architecture of Cyber-Physical Systems.
Using Smart Edge IoT Devices for Safer, Rapid Response With Industry IoT Control Operations.
Integration of Classical Components Into Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems.
Compositionality in the Science of System Design.
Engineering Methods and Tools for Cyber-Physical Automation Systems.
Empowering User Interfaces for Industrie 4.0.
Systems Engineering for Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems Using Aspects.
Real-Time Wireless Sensor-Actuator Networks for Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems.
Industrial Wireless IP-Based Cyber -Physical Systems.
The Cybersecurity Landscape in Industrial Control Systems.
Smart Grids: A Cyber-Physical Systems Perspective.
Aggregation and Charging Control of PHEVs in Smart Grid: A Cyber-Physical Perspective.
Smart Agents in Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems.
Intelligent Seven-DoF Robot With Dynamic Obstacle Avoidance and 3-D Object Recognition for Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems in Manufacturing Automation.
A Vertical and Cyber-Physical Integration of Cognitive Robots in Manufacturing.
Cyber-Physical Control of Road Freight Transport.
Cyber-Physical Systems for Open-Knowledge-Driven Manufacturing Execution Systems.
Amedeo Avogadro and His Number [Scanning our Past].
The Role of New Technologies in Solving the Spectrum Shortage [Point of View].
Vulnerabilities, threats, and authentication in satellite-based navigation systems [scanning the issue].
Known Vulnerabilities of Global Navigation Satellite Systems, Status, and Potential Mitigation Techniques.
Desired Features of Adaptive Antenna Arrays for GNSS Receivers.
Robust GNSS Receivers by Array Signal Processing: Theory and Implementation.
Small and Adaptive Antennas and Arrays for GNSS Applications.
Impact and Detection of GNSS Jammers on Consumer Grade Satellite Navigation Receivers.
Overview of Spatial Processing Approaches for GNSS Structural Interference Detection and Mitigation.
GNSS Spoofing and Detection.
Coding Aspects of Secure GNSS Receivers.
Concepts, Development, and Validation of Multiantenna GNSS Receivers for Resilient Navigation.
Sparse Arrays and Sampling for Interference Mitigation and DOA Estimation in GNSS.
Interference Localization for Satellite Navigation Systems.
Protecting GNSS Receivers From Jamming and Interference.
Multisensor Navigation Systems: A Remedy for GNSS Vulnerabilities?
Robert a. millikan: measuring the controversies of an electron's charge [scanning our past].
Additive manufacturing: a key enabling technology for next-generation microwave and millimeter-wave systems [point of view].
Full-Duplex Wireless Communications: Challenges, Solutions, and Future Research Directions.
Variability Mitigation in Nanometer CMOS Integrated Systems: A Survey of Techniques From Circuits to Software.
Spin-Transfer Torque Memories: Devices, Circuits, and Systems.
Francis Ronalds (1788-1873): The First Electrical Engineer?
Corrections to "Thermoelectric Generation Based on Spin Seebeck Effects" [DOI: 10.1109/JPROC.2016.2535167].
Interactive Displays: The Next Omnipresent Technology [Point of View].
Structural health monitoring: technological advances to practical implementations [scanning the issue].
Strain Sensing Sheets for Structural Health Monitoring Based on Large-Area Electronics and Integrated Circuits.
Ultralow Power Circuit Design for Wireless Sensor Nodes for Structural Health Monitoring.
Multifunctional Cement Composites Enhanced With Carbon Nanotube Thin Film Interfaces.
Measuring Crack Movement in Reinforced Concrete Using Digital Image Correlation: Overview and Application to Shear Slip Measurements.
Statistical Performance Assessment of an NDE-Based SHM-DP Methodology for the Remaining Fatigue Life Prediction of Monitored Structural Components and Systems.
Some Recent Developments in SHM Based on Nonstationary Time Series Analysis.
Predictive Guided Wave Models Through Sparse Modal Representations.
Independent Component Analysis for Improved Defect Detection in Guided Wave Monitoring.
Three-Tier Modular Structural Health Monitoring Framework Using Environmental and Operational Condition Clustering for Data Normalization: Validation on an Operational Wind Turbine System.
Expected Utility Theory for Monitoring-Based Decision-Making.
What the Public Knew About Wireless Before Titanic [Scanning Our Past].
Minting Money With Megawatts [Point of View].
A Comprehensive Study of the Past, Present, and Future of Data Deduplication.
Toward Massive, Ultrareliable, and Low-Latency Wireless Communication With Short Packets.
A Survey on Wireless Security: Technical Challenges, Recent Advances, and Future Trends.
Light and water in the 1929 barcelona exhibition: fighting for the recognition of spectacle authorship [scanning our past].
Ethics and Autonomous Systems: Perils and Promises [Point of View].
Spintronics [Scanning the Issue].
Spintronics, Magnetoresistive Heads, and the Emergence of the Digital World.
Magnetoresistive Random Access Memory.
Emerging Three-Terminal Magnetic Memory Devices.
Standby-Power-Free Integrated Circuits Using MTJ-Based VLSI Computing.
Spintronics and Security: Prospects, Vulnerabilities, Attack Models, and Preventions.
Spintronic Sensors.
Spin-Torque and Spin-Hall Nano-Oscillators.
Thermoelectric Generation Based on Spin Seebeck Effects.
Electric-Field Control of Spin-Orbit Interaction for Low-Power Spintronics.
Control of Spin Defects in Wide-Bandgap Semiconductors for Quantum Technologies.
Spintronic Nanodevices for Bioinspired Computing.
Skyrmion-Electronics: An Overview and Outlook.
The M-3 in Budapest and Szeged [Scanning Our Past].
Editorial.
Future Broadband Access Networks [Point of View].
Big Data: Practical Applications [Scanning the Issue].
Big Data Analysis for Media Production.
Parallel Processing Systems for Big Data: A Survey.
Classification of Big Data With Application to Imaging Genetics.
"Big Data Assimilation" Toward Post-Petascale Severe Weather Prediction: An Overview and Progress.
Going Digital: A Survey on Digitalization and Large-Scale Data Analytics in Healthcare.
Big Data for Remote Sensing: Challenges and Opportunities.
Some Comments on the Analysis of "Big" Scientific Time Series.
The Remarkable Edward (Ted) Both, Australia's Not-So-Well-Known Inventor [Scanning Our Past].
Rewards of Tutorials.
Plasmonics [Scanning the issue].
Development of Optical Metasurfaces: Emerging Concepts and New Materials.
Extraordinary Optical Transmission: Fundamentals and Applications.
Quantum Plasmonics.
Amplification and Lasing of Plasmonic Modes.
Benchmarking System-Level Performance of Passive and Active Plasmonic Components: Integrated Circuit Approach.
Plasmonic Photodetectors, Photovoltaics, and Hot-Electron Devices.
Plasmonic Organic Hybrid Modulators - Scaling Highest Speed Photonics to the Microscale.
Optical Biosensors Based on Plasmonic Nanostructures: A Review.
Jacques-Arsene d'Arsonval: His life and contributions to electrical instrumentation in physics and medicine. part i: early life and activities in physiology [scanning our past].
The Car as an Ambient Sensing Platform.
Advanced Technologies for Brain Research [Scanning the Issue].
Silicon-Integrated High-Density Electrocortical Interfaces.
Framework for the Development of Neuroprostheses: From Basic Understanding by Sciatic and Median Nerves Models to Bionic Legs and Hands.
Stable Detection of Movement Intent From Peripheral Nerves: Chronic Study in Dogs.
A Nonhuman Primate Brain-Computer Typing Interface.
Reliable Next-Generation Cortical Interfaces for Chronic Brain-Machine Interfaces and Neuroscience.
Fusing Multiple Neuroimaging Modalities to Assess Group Differences in Perception-Action Coupling.
Let There Be Light - Optoprobes for Neural Implants.
Advances in Two-Photon Scanning and Scanless Microscopy Technologies for Functional Neural Circuit Imaging.
Implantable Microimaging Device for Observing Brain Activities of Rodents.
Jacques arsene d'arsonval: his life and contributions to electrical instrumentation in physics and medicine. part ii: communications equipment and electrical measuring instruments [scanning our past].
Can the Internet Be Greener?
Principles and Applications of Science of Information.
High-Probability Guarantees in Repeated Games: Theory and Applications in Information Theory.
Information-Theoretic Approach to Strategic Communication as a Hierarchical Game.
Dynamic Watermarking: Active Defense of Networked Cyber-Physical Systems.
Decision Making With Quantized Priors Leads to Discrimination.
An Optimization Approach to Locally-Biased Graph Algorithms.
An Information and Control Framework for Optimizing User-Compliant Human-Computer Interfaces.
A Study of the Boltzmann Sequence-Structure Channel.
Fundamentals of Molecular Information and Communication Science.
Doubly Penalized LASSO for Reconstruction of Biological Networks.
Addressing the Need for a Model Selection Framework in Systems Biology Using Information Theory.
A Critical Survey of Deconvolution Methods for Separating Cell Types in Complex Tissues.
An Information-Theoretic View of EEG Sensing.
The Information Content of Glutamine-Rich Sequences Define Protein Functional Characteristics.
Jacques Arsene d'Arsonval: His Life and Contributions to Electrical Instrumentation in Physics and Medicine. Part III: High-Frequency Experiences and the Beginnings of Diathermy.
Spent Nuclear Fuel is not the Problem [Point of View].
An Enduring Problem: Radioactive Waste From Nuclear Energy [Point of View].
Bioinformatics of DNA [Scanning the Issue].
Building and Improving Reference Genome Assemblies.
Short Read Mapping: An Algorithmic Tour.
Reading the Underlying Information From Massive Metagenomic Sequencing Data.
De Novo Annotation of Transposable Elements: Tackling the Fat Genome Issue.
A Novel Pathway Analysis Approach Based on the Unexplained Disregulation of Genes.
DANUBE: Data-Driven Meta-ANalysis Using UnBiased Empirical Distributions - Applied to Biological Pathway Analysis.
Linking Statistical and Ecological Theory: Hubbell's Unified Neutral Theory of Biodiversity as a Hierarchical Dirichlet Process.
Bridging Histology and Bioinformatics - Computational Analysis of Spatially Resolved Transcriptomics.
A Parallel Algorithm for $N$-Way Interval Set Intersection.
Manual for Using Homomorphic Encryption for Bioinformatics.
What Sparked Video Research in 1877? The Overlooked Role of the Siemens Artificial Eye [Scanning Our Past].
Solid-State Drive (SSD): A Nonvolatile Storage System.
Additive Manufacturing of Radio-Frequency Components.
Overview on Additive Manufacturing Technologies.
Enhancing the Performance of Waveguide Filters Using Additive Manufacturing.
Selective Laser Melting Manufacturing of Microwave Waveguide Devices.
Application of Direct Metal Laser Sintering to Waveguide-Based Passive Microwave Components, Antennas, and Antenna Arrays.
Laser-Based Layer-by-Layer Polymer Stereolithography for High-Frequency Applications.
Stereolithography-Based Antennas for Satellite Communications in Ka-Band.
Polymer-Based Additive Manufacturing of High-Performance Waveguide and Antenna Components.
Continuously Tuned Ku-Band Cavity Filter Based on Dielectric Perturbers Made by Ceramic Additive Manufacturing for Space Applications.
Multimaterial and Multilayer Direct Digital Manufacturing of 3-D Structural Microwave Electronics.
Additively Manufactured RF Components and Modules: Toward Empowering the Birth of Cost-Efficient Dense and Ubiquitous IoT Implementations.
Investigation on 3-D-Printing Technologies for Millimeter- Wave and Terahertz Applications.
3-D-Printed Microwave and THz Devices Using Polymer Jetting Techniques.
Hybrid 3-D-Printing Technology for Tunable THz Applications.
A Contrarian History of Early Electric Power Distribution.
Should Engineers Be on Tap or on Top?
Emerging 3-D Imaging and Display Technologies.
Holographic and Light-Field Imaging as Future 3-D Displays.
Enabling Focus Cues in Head-Mounted Displays.
Recent Advances in the Capture and Display of Macroscopic and Microscopic 3-D Scenes by Integral Imaging.
Progress Overview of Capturing Method for Integral 3-D Imaging Displays.
Multidimensional Optical Sensing and Imaging System (MOSIS): From Macroscales to Microscales.
Flat Panel Light-Field 3-D Display: Concept, Design, Rendering, and Calibration.
Numerical Manipulation of Digital Holograms for 3-D Imaging and Display: An Overview.
Multimodal Imaging Based on Digital Holography.
Automated Disease Identification With 3-D Optical Imaging: A Medical Diagnostic Tool.
Full-Parallax Holographic Light-Field 3-D Displays and Interactive 3-D Touch.
Toward a Flexible, Scalable, and Transparent Thin-Film Camera.
Computerized Dungeons and Randomly Generated Worlds: From Rogue to Minecraft.
Corrections to "De Novo Annotation of Transposable Elements: Tackling the Fat Genome Issue" [Jamilloux et al., Proc. IEEE, vol. 105, no. 3, pp. 474-481, Mar. 2017, DOI: 10.1109/JPROC.2016.2590833].
Safety and Security of Cyber-Physical and Internet of Things Systems [Point of View].
Terahertz RF Electronics and System Integration [Scanning the Issue].
THz Diode Technology: Status, Prospects, and Applications.
Status and Prospects of High-Power Heterostructure Barrier Varactor Frequency Multipliers.
Advanced Terahertz Sensing and Imaging Systems Based on Integrated III-V Interband Tunneling Devices.
Si/SiGe: C and InP/GaAsSb Heterojunction Bipolar Transistors for THz Applications.
InP HBT Technologies for THz Integrated Circuits.
SiGe HBT Technology: Future Trends and TCAD-Based Roadmap.
Silicon Millimeter-Wave, Terahertz, and High-Speed Fiber-Optic Device and Benchmark Circuit Scaling Through the 2030 ITRS Horizon.
Silicon-on-Insulator Substrates as a Micromachining Platform for Advanced Terahertz Circuits.
Packages for Terahertz Electronics.
Micromachined Packaging for Terahertz Systems.
Metrology State-of-the-Art and Challenges in Broadband Phase-Sensitive Terahertz Measurements.
Terahertz Reflecting and Transmitting Metasurfaces.
Hamming Window to the Digital World.
Intellectual Property and Universities: A Path Forward [Point of View].
Power Grid Resilience [Scanning the Issue].
Power Systems Resilience Assessment: Hardening and Smart Operational Enhancement Strategies.
Resilience-Oriented Pre-Hurricane Resource Allocation in Distribution Systems Considering Electric Buses.
An Integrated Approach for Power System Restoration Planning.
Battling the Extreme: A Study on the Power System Resilience.
Modernizing Distribution System Restoration to Achieve Grid Resiliency Against Extreme Weather Events: An Integrated Solution.
Networked Microgrids for Enhancing the Power System Resilience.
Distributed Power-Generation Systems and Protection.
Microgrid Protection.
Resilience of Energy Infrastructure and Services: Modeling, Data Analytics, and Metrics.
Cybersecurity in Distributed Power Systems.
Cyber-Physical Attack-Resilient Wide-Area Monitoring, Protection, and Control for the Power Grid.
Synchrophasor Sensor Networks for Grid Communication and Protection.
Hurricanes and Power System Reliability-The Effects of Individual Decisions and System-Level Hardening.
Demand-Side Resiliency and Electricity Continuity: Experiences and Lessons Learned in Japan.
Aerospace Needs, Microelectronics, and the Quest for Reliability: 1962-1975 [Scanning Our Past].
The Cognitive Dynamic System for Risk Control [Point of View].
A Survey on Web Tracking: Mechanisms, Implications, and Defenses.
Relativistic Timekeeping, Motion, and Gravity in Distributed Systems.
Bertha Lamme and the Development of Practical Alternating Current Systems [Scanning our Past].
Spatial technology and social media in remote sensing: challenges and opportunities [point of view].
Solid-State Drives (SSDs) [Scanning the Issue].
Solid-State Drives: Memory Driven Design Methodologies for Optimal Performance.
Reviewing the Evolution of the NAND Flash Technology.
Array Architectures for 3-D NAND Flash Memories.
Software Support Inside and Outside Solid-State Devices for High Performance and High Efficiency.
Error Characterization, Mitigation, and Recovery in Flash-Memory-Based Solid-State Drives.
Channel Coding for Nonvolatile Memory Technologies: Theoretical Advances and Practical Considerations.
Reliability of Solid-State Drives Based on NAND Flash Memory.
Reliability of nand-Based SSDs: What Field Studies Tell Us.
Resistive Random Access Memory for Future Information Processing System.
Phase Change and Magnetic Memories for Solid-State Drive Applications.
Design of Hybrid SSDs With Storage Class Memory and NAND Flash Memory.
Platform Storage Performance With 3D XPoint Technology.
Setting the Standards for Engineering Education: A History [Scanning Our Past].
Our Hidden Figures {Point of View].
Spatial Technology and Social Media [Scanningthe Issue].
Spatial Technology and Social Media in Remote Sensing: A Survey.
Remote Sensing Image Scene Classification: Benchmark and State of the Art.
Toward Seamless Multiview Scene Analysis From Satellite to Street Level.
Social Media: New Perspectives to Improve Remote Sensing for Emergency Response.
Potentials of Active and Passive Geospatial Crowdsourcing in Complementing Sentinel Data and Supporting Copernicus Service Portfolio.
A Novel Methodology to Label Urban Remote Sensing Images Based on Location-Based Social Media Photos.
On Combining Social Media and Spatial Technology for POI Cognition and Image Localization.
Spatial Event Forecasting in Social Media With Geographically Hierarchical Regularization.
Geotagging Text Content With Language Models and Feature Mining.
History of the Endoscope [Scanning Our Past].
The New Moneyball: How Ballpark Sensors Are Changing Baseball.
Editorial.
Power Electronics in Smart Grid and Renewable Energy Systems.
Power Electronics, Smart Grid, and Renewable Energy Systems.
Power Semiconductor Devices for Smart Grid and Renewable Energy Systems.
Multilevel Converters: Fundamental Circuits and Systems.
Multilevel Converters: Control and Modulation Techniques for Their Operation and Industrial Applications.
HVDC Systems in Smart Grids.
Flexible AC Transmission Systems (FACTS) and Resilient AC Distribution Systems (RACDS) in Smart Grid.
Wind Energy Systems.
Solar Photovoltaic and Thermal Energy Systems: Current Technology and Future Trends.
Ocean and Geothermal Energy Systems.
Fuel Cell Power Systems and Applications.
Energy Storage and Power Electronics Technologies: A Strong Combination to Empower the Transformation to the Smart Grid.
Smart Grid Simulations and Their Supporting Implementation Methods.
Controls for Smart Grids: Architectures and Applications.
Artificial Intelligence Techniques in Smart Grid and Renewable Energy Systems - Some Example Applications.
Ernst Werner Von Siemens and the Early Evolution and Diffusion of Electric Telegraphy.
Beyond Smart Grid - Cyber-Physical-Social System in Energy Future.
Efficient Processing of Deep Neural Networks: A Tutorial and Survey.
System Scaling With Nanostructured Power and RF Components.
Nonorthogonal Multiple Access for 5G and Beyond.
Materials Science, Instrument Knowledge, and the Power Source Renaissance.
Forced Decryption and the Fifth Amendment: A Technical Perspective.
Scanning The Issue.
Safety and Security in Cyber-Physical Systems and Internet-of-Things Systems.
System-on-Chip Platform Security Assurance: Architecture and Validation.
Wireless Communication and Security Issues for Cyber-Physical Systems and the Internet-of-Things.
HoneyBot: A Honeypot for Robotic Systems.
Parameter-Invariant Monitor Design for Cyber-Physical Systems.
SURE: A Modeling and Simulation Integration Platform for Evaluation of Secure and Resilient Cyber-Physical Systems.
A Framework for Attack-Resilient Industrial Control Systems: Attack Detection and Controller Reconfiguration.
ARMET: Behavior-Based Secure and Resilient Industrial Control Systems.
Improving the Safety and Security of Wide-Area Cyber-Physical Systems Through a Resource-Aware, Service-Oriented Development Methodology.
Privacy and Integrity Considerations in Hyperconnected Autonomous Vehicles.
Semantics-Preserving Cosynthesis of Cyber-Physical Systems.
Aliens From Planet Pittsburgh: How Two Young Roboticists From Carnegie Mellon Pioneered Digital Lighting.
Improving the Diversity of Faculty in Electrical and Computer Engineering (iREDEFINE ECE).
Message Passing Algorithms for Scalable Multitarget Tracking.
Neuro-Inspired Computing With Emerging Nonvolatile Memorys.
Signal Processing and Coding Techniques for 2-D Magnetic Recording: An Overview.
Origins of the IEEE Edison Medal.
How Is the Networked Society Impacting Us?
Issue Small Satellites.
Modern Small Satellites-Changing the Economics of Space.
Space Propulsion Technology for Small Spacecraft.
Development and Testing of a 3-D-Printed Cold Gas Thruster for an Interplanetary CubeSat.
Advanced Antennas for Small Satellites.
Radar Technologies for Earth Remote Sensing From CubeSat Platforms.
Energy Storage Technologies for Small Satellite Applications.
Robotics and AI-Enabled On-Orbit Operations With Future Generation of Small Satellites.
A Survey on Formation Control of Small Satellites.
Onboard Processing With Hybrid and Reconfigurable Computing on Small Satellites.
Deployable Techniques for Small Satellites.
Thermospheric Variations From GNSS and Accelerometer Measurements on Small Satellites.
Who Invented the Earliest Capacitor Bank ("Battery" of Leyden Jars)? It's Complicated.
The ieee smart cities initiative - accelerating the smartification process for the 21st century cities [point of view].
Smart Cities [Scanning the Issue].
Transactive Control in Smart Cities.
The Price of Anarchy in Transportation Networks: Data-Driven Evaluation and Reduction Strategies.
Information Patterns in the Modeling and Design of Mobility Management Services.
Crowdsensing Framework for Monitoring Bridge Vibrations Using Moving Smartphones.
Versatile Modeling Platform for Cooperative Energy Management Systems in Smart Cities.
Smart (Electricity) Grids for Smart Cities: Assessing Roles and Societal Impacts.
City-Friendly Smart Network Technologies and Infrastructures: The Spanish Experience.
Data-Enabled Building Energy Savings (D-E BES).
Smart Governance for Smart Cities.
Predicting Chronic Disease Hospitalizations from Electronic Health Records: An Interpretable Classification Approach.
Using Smart City Technology to Make Healthcare Smarter.
Predicting Frailty Condition in Elderly Using Multidimensional Socioclinical Databases.
The Need of Multidisciplinary Approaches and Engineering Tools for the Development and Implementation of the Smart City Paradigm.
Simulating the ENIAC [Scanning our Past].
Reflections on the Future of Research Curation and Research Reproducibility.
Applications of Graph Theory.
Topology Identification and Learning over Graphs: Accounting for Nonlinearities and Dynamics.
Graph Signal Processing: Overview, Challenges, and Applications.
Graph Anomaly Detection Based on Steiner Connectivity and Density.
Applications of Community Detection Techniques to Brain Graphs: Algorithmic Considerations and Implications for Neural Function.
A Graph Signal Processing Perspective on Functional Brain Imaging.
Application of Graph Theory to Assess Static and Dynamic Brain Connectivity: Approaches for Building Brain Graphs.
Graph Spectral Image Processing.
Graph-Theoretic Analysis of Power Systems.
Network Topology and Communication-Computation Tradeoffs in Decentralized Optimization.
Electrical Networks and Algebraic Graph Theory: Models, Properties, and Applications.
From Theory to Practice: G. David Forney, Jr. and the Innovation of Information Theory.
The Dangers of Following Trends in Research: Sparsity and Other Examples of Hammers in Search of Nails.
Foundations and Trends in Localization Technologies - Part I.
Sensor Radar for Object Tracking.
Acoustic Local Positioning With Encoded Emission Beacons.
Localization via Visible Light Systems.
Collaborative Sensor Network Localization: Algorithms and Practical Issues.
Nikola Tesla's True Wireless: A Paradigm Missed.
Nurturing the Growth of a National Infrastructure in Emerging Technologies.
Foundations and Trends in Localization Technologies - Part II [Scanning the Issue].
A Theoretical Foundation of Network Localization and Navigation.
Received-Signal-Strength-Based Localization in Wireless Sensor Networks.
A Survey on the Impact of Multipath on Wideband Time-of-Arrival Based Localization.
Distributed Localization: A Linear Theory.
Network Operation Strategies for Efficient Localization and Navigation.
Origins of the IEEE Medal of Honor [Scanning Our Past].
The Twin Arts of Writing and Revising Technical Articles.
Rethinking PCA for Modern Data Sets: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications.
PCA in High Dimensions: An Orientation.
Streaming PCA and Subspace Tracking: The Missing Data Case.
A Selective Overview of Sparse Principal Component Analysis.
A Review of Distributed Algorithms for Principal Component Analysis.
Extension of PCA to Higher Order Data Structures: An Introduction to Tensors, Tensor Decompositions, and Tensor PCA.
Static and Dynamic Robust PCA and Matrix Completion: A Review.
An Overview of Robust Subspace Recovery.
Efficient Optimization Algorithms for Robust Principal Component Analysis and Its Variants.
On the Applications of Robust PCA in Image and Video Processing.
Imperial Science: Victorian Cable Telegraphy and the Making of "Maxwell's Equations".
Electronic Taste and Smell: The Case for Performance Standards [Point of View].
Design Automation for Cyber-Physical Systems [Scanning the Issue].
Codesign Methodologies and Tools for Cyber-Physical Systems.
Model and Tool Integration Platforms for Cyber-Physical System Design.
A Component Architecture for the Internet of Things.
Platform-Centric Self-Awareness as a Key Enabler for Controlling Changes in CPS.
Building a Hybrid Systems Modeler on Synchronous Languages Principles.
Real-Time Decision Policies With Predictable Performance.
Layering Assume-Guarantee Contracts for Hierarchical System Design.
SMC: Satisfiability Modulo Convex Programming.
Design Automation for Smart Building Systems.
Tools and Methodologies for Autonomous Driving Systems.
Cyber-Physical Digital-Microfluidic Biochips: Bridging the Gap Between Microfluidics and Microbiology.
Oasis: A Mobile Cyber-Physical System for Accessible Location Exploration.
Programming the ENIAC [Scanning our Past].
Why a Special Issue on Machine Ethics.
Scanning the Issue.
A Survey on MIMO Transmission With Finite Input Signals: Technical Challenges, Advances, and Future Trends.
Ultrareliable and Low-Latency Wireless Communication: Tail, Risk, and Scale.
Watching Remote Baseball Games Live Before Television.
Data Transparency: Concerns and Prospects.
Editorial.
From High-Level Specification to High-Performance Code.
Machine Learning in Compiler Optimization.
Domain-Specific Optimization and Generation of High-Performance GPU Code for Stencil Computations.
The Sparse Polyhedral Framework: Composing Compiler-Generated Inspector-Executor Code.
SPIRAL: Extreme Performance Portability.
Automating the Development of High-Performance Multigrid Solvers.
The Long and Winding Road Toward Efficient High-Performance Computing.
The Ongoing Evolution of OpenMP.
Navigating the Landscape for Real-Time Localization and Mapping for Robotics and Virtual and Augmented Reality.
Autotuning Numerical Dense Linear Algebra for Batched Computation With GPU Hardware Accelerators.
Japanese Autotuning Research: Autotuning Languages and FFT.
Autotuning in High-Performance Computing Applications.
Between Performance and Complexity: G. David Forney, Jr., and the Utility of Information Theory.
Robot Revolution: Myth or Reality [Point of View].
Special Issue of Silicon Photonics [Scanning the Issue].
The Emergence of Silicon Photonics as a Flexible Technology Platform.
Advanced Passive Silicon Photonic Devices With Asymmetric Waveguide Structures.
Subwavelength-Grating Metamaterial Structures for Silicon Photonic Devices.
High-Speed Silicon Photonics Modulators.
Photonic Crystal Devices in Silicon Photonics.
Parametric Nonlinear Silicon-Based Photonics.
Silicon Nitride in Silicon Photonics.
Monolithically Integrated Multilayer Silicon Nitride-on-Silicon Waveguide Platforms for 3-D Photonic Circuits and Devices.
Photonic Integrated Circuits Using Heterogeneous Integration on Silicon.
Heterogeneous Integration on Silicon Photonics.
Optical Interfaces for Silicon Photonic Circuits.
High-Volume Manufacturing Platform for Silicon Photonics.
Silicon Photonics in Optical Coherent Systems.
Mid-Infrared (Mid-IR) Silicon-Based Photonics.
Open-Access Silicon Photonics: Current Status and Emerging Initiatives.
Debugging the ENIAC [Scanning Our Past].
The Best Job in the IEEE.
An Outlook for Quantum Computing [Point of View].
Nonsilicon, Non-von Neumann Computing - Part I [Scanning the Issue].
The N3XT Approach to Energy-Efficient Abundant-Data Computing.
Negative Capacitance Transistors.
DNA Data Storage and Hybrid Molecular-Electronic Computing.
Computing With Networks of Oscillatory Dynamical Systems.
Shannon-Inspired Statistical Computing for the Nanoscale Era.
The Next Generation of Deep Learning Hardware: Analog Computing.
Efficient Biosignal Processing Using Hyperdimensional Computing: Network Templates for Combined Learning and Classification of ExG Signals.
Braindrop: A Mixed-Signal Neuromorphic Architecture With a Dynamical Systems-Based Programming Model.
Logic Synthesis for Established and Emerging Computing.
Customizable Computing - From Single Chip to Datacenters.
Architecture and Advanced Electronics Pathways Toward Highly Adaptive Energy- Efficient Computing.
When the grid was the grid: the history of north america's brief coast-to-coast interconnected machine [scanning our past].
E-Skin: From Humanoids to Humans.
Scanning the Issue.
The IEEE 1918.1 "Tactile Internet" Standards Working Group and its Standards.
Low-Latency Networking: Where Latency Lurks and How to Tame It.
5G-Based Systems Design for Tactile Internet.
Adaptive 5G Low-Latency Communication for Tactile InternEt Services.
Softwarization and Network Coding in the Mobile Edge Cloud for the Tactile Internet.
Leveraging Tactile Internet Cognizance and Operation via IoT and Edge Technologies.
Ultrareliable and Low-Latency Communication Techniques for Tactile Internet Services.
Multiconnectivity in Multicellular, Multiuser Systems: A Matching- Based Approach.
The Tactile Internet for Industries: A Review.
Cooperative Driving and the Tactile Internet.
Haptic Codecs for the Tactile Internet.
Tactile Robots as a Central Embodiment of the Tactile Internet.
Why Frankenstein Became Electric.
The Trolley, the Bull Bar, and Why Engineers Should Care About the Ethics of Autonomous Cars.
Toward the Agile and Comprehensive International Governance of AI and Robotics.
Machine Ethics: The Design and Governance of Ethical AI and Autonomous Systems.
Designing a Value-Driven Future for Ethical Autonomous and Intelligent Systems.
A Value-Driven Eldercare Robot: Virtual and Physical Instantiations of a Case-Supported Principle-Based Behavior Paradigm.
On Proactive, Transparent, and Verifiable Ethical Reasoning for Robots.
Motivations and Risks of Machine Ethics.
Clarifying Privacy, Property, and Power: Case Study on Value Conflict Between Communities.
Engineering-Based Design Methodology for Embedding Ethics in Autonomous Robots.
Inside the Organization: Why Privacy and Security Engineering Is a Challenge for Engineers.
computer graphic re-visited: the virtual reconstruction of one of the first computer art exhibitions [scanning our past].
Adaptive and Scalable Communication Networks [Scanning the Issue].
Scalable 360 Video Stream Delivery: Challenges, Solutions, and Opportunities.
Web AR: A Promising Future for Mobile Augmented Reality - State of the Art, Challenges, and Insights.
Will Serverless Computing Revolutionize NFV?
Modeling of Aggregated IoT Traffic and Its Application to an IoT Cloud.
Scalable Personalized IoT Networks.
Adaptable and Data-Driven Softwarized Networks: Review, Opportunities, and Challenges.
Scaling Millimeter-Wave Networks to Dense Deployments and Dynamic Environments.
Survey of Performance Acceleration Techniques for Network Function Virtualization.
Energy-Adaptive Error Correcting for Dynamic and Heterogeneous Networks.
Learning and Management for Internet of Things: Accounting for Adaptivity and Scalability.
Elements of Application-Layer Internetworking for Adaptive Self-Organizing Networks.
Self-Organization and Resilience for Networked Systems: Design Principles and Open Research Issues.
Transitions: A Protocol-Independent View of the Future Internet.
Jim Brittain and the Allure of Electrical History [Scanning our Past].
Moving Forward With Molecular Communication: From Theory to Human Health Applications.
Scanning the Issue.
Aeronautical $Ad~Hoc$ Networking for the Internet-Above-the-Clouds.
Translational Potential of Neuroimaging Genomic Analyses to Diagnosis and Treatment in Mental Disorders.
The Electrical Engineer Who Clarified Glass.
Real-Time Networks and Protocols for Factory Automation and Process Control Systems.
Industrial Communication Systems and Their Future Challenges: Next-Generation Ethernet, IIoT, and 5G.
Coexistence Standardization of Operation Technology and Information Technology.
Fault Tolerance in Highly Reliable Ethernet-Based Industrial Systems.
Performance and Reliability Aspects of Clock Synchronization Techniques for Industrial Automation.
Real-Time and Reliable Industrial Control Over Wireless LANs: Algorithms, Protocols, and Future Directions.
WIA-FA and Its Applications to Digital Factory: A Wireless Network Solution for Factory Automation.
High-Performance Wireless Networks for Industrial Control Applications: New Targets and Feasibility.
A Perspective on IEEE Time-Sensitive Networking for Industrial Communication and Automation Systems.
An Introduction to OPC UA TSN for Industrial Communication Systems.
Extending Accurate Time Distribution and Timeliness Capabilities Over the Air to Enable Future Wireless Industrial Automation Systems.
6TiSCH: Industrial Performance for IPv6 Internet-of-Things Networks.
Wireless Network Design for Emerging IIoT Applications: Reference Framework and Use Cases.
Toward Cloud-Assisted Industrial IoT Platform for Large-Scale Continuous Condition Monitoring.
Seeing Across Oceans: John Logie Baird's 1928 Trans-Atlantic Television Demonstration.
Thoughts on Engineering Creativity [Point of View].
Molecular Communications and Networking [Scanning the Issue].
An Information Theoretic Framework to Analyze Molecular Communication Systems Based on Statistical Mechanics.
Channel Modeling for Diffusive Molecular Communication - A Tutorial Review.
Transmitter and Receiver Architectures for Molecular Communications: A Survey on Physical Design With Modulation, Coding, and Detection Techniques.
Capacity Bounds on Point-to-Point Communication Using Molecules.
Design of Asynchronous Genetic Circuits.
The Effect of Loads in Molecular Communications.
Optogenomic Interfaces: Bridging Biological Networks With the Electronic Digital World.
Redox Is a Global Biodevice Information Processing Modality.
Synaptic Communication Engineering for Future Cognitive Brain-Machine Interfaces.
Methods and Applications of Mobile Molecular Communication.
Stanford Ovshinsky and the Genesis of the Cognitive Computer.
Cooking With Computers: The Vision of Digital Gastronomy [Point of View].
Edge Computing [Scanning the Issue].
A Survey of Virtual Machine Management in Edge Computing.
Software-Defined Networking Enhanced Edge Computing: A Network-Centric Survey.
Dependable Resource Coordination on the Edge at Runtime.
A Survey on Edge Computing Systems and Tools.
Ecosystem of Things: Hardware, Software, and Architecture.
Computation Offloading Toward Edge Computing.
Edge Computing Security: State of the Art and Challenges.
Privacy Techniques for Edge Computing Systems.
Deep Learning With Edge Computing: A Review.
Edge Video Analytics for Public Safety: A Review.
Edge Computing for Autonomous Driving: Opportunities and Challenges.
Wireless Edge Computing With Latency and Reliability Guarantees.
Edge Intelligence: Paving the Last Mile of Artificial Intelligence With Edge Computing.
Analog Computer Development in Germany With a Focus on Telefunken [Scanning Our Past].
Electricity for All: Issues, Challenges, and Solutions for Energy-Disadvantaged Communities [Scanning the Issue].
Affordable Energy for Humanity: A Global Movement to Support Universal Clean Energy Access.
Data Standardization for Smart Infrastructure in First-Access Electricity Systems.
Review and Perspectives on Data Sharing and Privacy in Expanding Electricity Access.
Renewable Energy Integration in Alaska's Remote Islanded Microgrids: Economic Drivers, Technical Strategies, Technological Niche Development, and Policy Implications.
Renewable Energy Integration in Diesel-Based Microgrids at the Canadian Arctic.
Lowering Electricity Access Barriers by Means of Participative Processes Applied to Microgrid Solutions: The Chilean Case.
Optimal Electrification Planning Incorporating On- and Off-Grid Technologies: The Reference Electrification Model (REM).
Distributed Resources Shift Paradigms on Power System Design, Planning, and Operation: An Application of the GAP Model.
Least-Cost Electrification Modeling and Planning - A Case Study for Five Nigerian Federal States.
The Service Value Method for Design of Energy Access Systems in the Global South.
Electrical Minigrids for Development: Lessons From the Field.
Electrification Processes in Developing Countries: Grid Expansion, Microgrids, and Regulatory Framework.
Microhybrid Electricity System for Energy Access, Livelihoods, and Empowerment.
Flexible Electronic Skin: From Humanoids to Humans.
Large-Area Soft e-Skin: The Challenges Beyond Sensor Designs.
A Comprehensive Realization of Robot Skin: Sensors, Sensing, Control, and Applications.
E-Skins: Biomimetic Sensing and Encoding for Upper Limb Prostheses.
Flexible Multimodal Sensors for Electronic Skin: Principle, Materials, Device, Array Architecture, and Data Acquisition Method.
Flexible Ultralow-Power Sensor Interfaces for E-Skin.
A Fully Additive Low-Temperature All-Air Low-Variation Printed/Flexible Electronics With Self-Compensation for Bending: Codesign From Materials, Design, Fabrication, and Applications.
Energy Scavenging and Powering E-Skin Functional Devices.
Organic Photovoltaics: Toward Self-Powered Wearable Electronics.
Physical and Chemical Sensing With Electronic Skin.
Electronic Skins Based on Liquid Metals.
Materials and Design Strategies of Stretchable Electrodes for Electronic Skin and its Applications.
Corrections to "Jim Brittain and the Allure of Electrical History".
Scanning the Issue.
Wireless Network Intelligence at the Edge.
Soft Information for Localization-of-Things.
An Overview of the Development of Antenna-in-Package Technology for Highly Integrated Wireless Devices.
Standardization of the Ohm as a Unit of Electrical Resistance, 1861-1867.
Remotely sensed big data: evolution in model development for information extraction [point of view].
Editorial.
Scanning the Issue.
High-Density Power Conversion and Wide-Bandgap Semiconductor Power Electronics Switching Devices.
Accessing From the Sky: A Tutorial on UAV Communications for 5G and Beyond.
Could You Have Been a Motoneer? [Scanning Our Past].
Biomedical Imaging and Analysis in the Age of Big Data and Deep Learning.
Deep Learning in Ultrasound Imaging.
Deep-Learning-Based Image Reconstruction and Enhancement in Optical Microscopy.
Machine Learning in PET: From Photon Detection to Quantitative Image Reconstruction.
Machine Learning for Rapid Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting Tissue Property Quantification.
Image Reconstruction: From Sparsity to Data-Adaptive Methods and Machine Learning.
Model-Based and Data-Driven Strategies in Medical Image Computing.
Brain Imaging Genomics: Integrated Analysis and Machine Learning.
Comparison of Breast MRI Tumor Classification Using Human-Engineered Radiomics, Transfer Learning From Deep Convolutional Neural Networks, and Fusion Method.
Wireless Capsule Endoscopy: A New Tool for Cancer Screening in the Colon With Deep-Learning-Based Polyp Recognition.
CAI4CAI: The Rise of Contextual Artificial Intelligence in Computer-Assisted Interventions.
The Earliest Years of Three-Phase Power - 1891-1893.
A Grid of Microgrids: Is it the Right Answer?
Sustainable and Resilient Distribution Systems With Networked Microgrids.
Internet of Vehicles.
Mobile Edge Intelligence and Computing for the Internet of Vehicles.
Learning Driving Models From Parallel End-to-End Driving Data Set.
SDN/NFV-Empowered Future IoV With Enhanced Communication, Computing, and Caching.
Future Intelligent and Secure Vehicular Network Toward 6G: Machine-Learning Approaches.
Evolutionary V2X Technologies Toward the Internet of Vehicles: Challenges and Opportunities.
Toward Reliable and Scalable Internet of Vehicles: Performance Analysis and Resource Management.
Deep-Learning-Based Wireless Resource Allocation With Application to Vehicular Networks.
The Security of Autonomous Driving: Threats, Defenses, and Future Directions.
5G Vehicle-to-Everything Services: Gearing Up for Security and Privacy.
A Retrospective and Prospective View of Approximate Computing [Point of View}.
Scanning the Issue.
Adversarial Learning Targeting Deep Neural Network Classification: A Comprehensive Review of Defenses Against Attacks.
Combinatorial Optimization of Graphical User Interface Designs.
Electrostatic Telegraphy - 1753-1816 [Scanning our Past].
A Density Metric for Semiconductor Technology [Point of View].
Scanning the Issue.
Model Compression and Hardware Acceleration for Neural Networks: A Comprehensive Survey.
A Key 6G Challenge and Opportunity - Connecting the Base of the Pyramid: A Survey on Rural Connectivity.
A Tutorial on Clique Problems in Communications and Signal Processing.
DC is the Future [Point of View].
Active Nanophotonics [Scanning the Issue].
Active Nanophotonics.
Two-Dimensional CdSe-Based Nanoplatelets: Their Heterostructures, Doping, Photophysical Properties, and Applications.
Optical Properties and Light-Emission Device Applications of 2-D Layered Semiconductors.
Colloidal Plasmonics for Active Nanophotonics.
Integrated, Portable, Tunable, and Coherent Terahertz Sources and Sensitive Detectors Based on Layered Superconductors.
Physical Limits of NanoLEDs and Nanolasers for Optical Communications.
Active and Tunable Nanophotonics With Dielectric Nanoantennas.
Structured Semiconductor Interfaces: Active Functionality on Light Manipulation.
Lattice Resonances in Optical Metasurfaces With Gain and Loss.
Experimental Investigation of Lasing Modes in Double-Lattice Photonic-Crystal Resonators and Introduction of In-Plane Heterostructures.
Electrically Pumped Microring Parity-Time-Symmetric Lasers.
Topological Nanophotonics: Toward Robust Quantum Circuits.
Scanning the Issue.
5G Key Technologies for Smart Railways.
Towards Robust Pattern Recognition: A Review.
Indoor Millimeter-Wave Systems: Design and Performance Evaluation.
Methodology for Maximizing Information Transmission of Haptic Devices: A Survey.
Self-Awareness for Autonomous Systems.
Neurobiologically Inspired Self-Monitoring Systems.
Multisensorial Generative and Descriptive Self-Awareness Models for Autonomous Systems.
Verifiable Self-Aware Agent-Based Autonomous Systems.
Embodied Self-Aware Computing Systems.
Self-Aware Neural Network Systems: A Survey and New Perspective.
Time Series Forecasting for Self-Aware Systems.
Synergizing Domain Expertise With Self-Awareness in Software Systems: A Patternized Architecture Guideline.
Acoustic Self-Awareness of Autonomous Systems in a World of Sounds.
Self-Aware Networks That Optimize Security, QoS, and Energy.
Self-Aware Swarm Navigation in Autonomous Exploration Missions.
Achieving Resiliency and Behavior Assurance in Autonomous Navigation: An Industry Perspective.
Nonsilicon, Non-von Neumann Computing - Part II.
Addressing Unreliability in Emerging Devices and Non-von Neumann Architectures Using Coded Computing.
Tunnel-FET Switching Is Governed by Non-Lorentzian Spectral Line Shape.
The Heterogeneous Deep Neural Network Processor With a Non-von Neumann Architecture.
Silicon Photonics Codesign for Deep Learning.
Large-Scale Field-Programmable Analog Arrays.
Magnetic Racetrack Memory: From Physics to the Cusp of Applications Within a Decade.
From Charge to Spin and Spin to Charge: Stochastic Magnets for Probabilistic Switching.
Challenges and Opportunities of Near-Term Quantum Computing Systems.
Resource-Efficient Quantum Computing by Breaking Abstractions.
John Logie Baird and the Secret in the Box: The Undiscovered Story Behind the World's First Public Demonstration of Television.
Multienergy Systems.
Integrated Electricity- Heat-Gas Systems: Techno-Economic Modeling, Optimization, and Application to Multienergy Districts.
Multienergy Networks Analytics: Standardized Modeling, Optimization, and Low Carbon Analysis.
Multicarrier Energy Systems: Shaping Our Energy Future.
A Hierarchical Approach to Multienergy Demand Response: From Electricity to Multienergy Applications.
Optimal Capacity Design and Operation of Energy Hub Systems.
Flexibility From Distributed Multienergy Systems.
An Uncertainty Management Framework for Integrated Gas-Electric Energy Systems.
Operations and Long-Term Expansion Planning of Natural-Gas and Power Systems: A Market Perspective.
Monotonicity Properties of Physical Network Flows and Application to Robust Optimal Allocation.
Modeling and Simulation of Gas Distribution Networks in a Multienergy System Environment.
Smarter Smart District Heating.
Optimal Configuration of Power-to-Cool Technology in District Cooling Systems.
A Critical Exploration of the Efficiency Impacts of Demand Response From HVAC in Commercial Buildings.
Chance-Constrained Water Pumping to Manage Water and Power Demand Uncertainty in Distribution Networks.
Recent Developments in Machine Learning for Energy Systems Reliability Management.
